Did you have your showerhead plugged in? Or is it a wireless model?
Yep. And when you finally switch to another career, it really throws you off when your coworkers measure years differently. 
Thats a nice dark thought that will now pop into my head during my next birthday...
I want to be cremated and then put into one of those cardboard pods that grows into a tree so one day I will be cut down and turned into someone elses coffin.
Would they think it’s cool if it was vomit?
U the only one thinking that bro
I wanted to get to know somebody better, so I asked them how their vaction went in mexico - simple enough right?   She told me to follow her instagram, where I could find out for myself.  at least it saved me the effort of getting to know them in the first place?  EDIT: I know, she probably wasnt interested in getting to know me, but a simple it was good would have gotten the message across just as well... 
Its just the outside catching up with the inside.
I am sorry detective; my responses are limited. You must ask the right questions.
what about the cheese and gravy
Evian is Naive spelled backwards
I think it would be scarier if it just randomly gave you a factoid about you based on what it knows. Pretending it didnt know these things but slowly making you aware that it has mapped your entire life. 
no bro is oil
What if the aliens doing that to us are only doing it because someone did it to them first? Perhaps its the universes oldest interstellar prank.
The only other white person who could get away with it is Danny Devito.
Same if you stomp on some rice crispies.
Technically, youre giving them a bad week. Or it feels like week for them.
This is a good example of over-thinking it.  Give fans long enough to obsess over a story and they will come up with theories inter-connecting every little thing...truth is Hagrid and Snape wouldnt get along whether Harry existed or not, plus its clear during Sorcerors Stone that they already dont get along for many years beforehand.
Someone at a stock brokerage I worked at would stick her dirty pads to the stall wall all the time. It disturbed me that someone I knew and worked with was so deliberately disgusting. 
Not really... People starving in Africa would be even more fucked
emphysema isnt something you would like to have
And be the only white girl that can
Thank you for making sure I think about the fact that shes a family member the next time I have sex with my wife.  I really appreciate that.
The other day, I walked by a man looking at his phone while his dog walked along, leaving a little trail of poos.  I thought maybe he didnt realize his dog was pooping, since he was paying attention to his phone and his dog hadnt stopped walking.  He did not appreciate me pointing this out to him.  
And their rehab just ends up being the opposite of rehab
Who knows?      Maybe its just higher-dimensional advertising billboards. 
The best reasoning for something like this I heard is that fancy is just the opposite of how its normally worn.  I.e. someone who wears their hair down would put it up and vice versa.  Not a universal truth, mind.
Does DuckDuckGo ever get product placement?
Haha great insight!! 
Thats hot as hell. 
Okay, that’s mind-blowing
Riding a ten speed down a flight of stairs. 
Or naming their kids boy and  girl
And then they see us and say The test subjects are still alive?
88 is just 69 for chubby people.
I could not imagine going to school for your entire life, which is part of why I am NOT gonna be a teacher. 
Sometimes thats way too literal, like in Brazil where police and criminal group corruption can sometimes overlap with eachother
There are more non virgins than virgins
My daughters class has 1,000 students in it. And my wife says no flask. June 1 is gonna suck.  Edit: was not expecting this response, but I have had a fun time reading all of your responses with my wife and daughter, who have found them hilarious. Family fun night, 2018 version. 
I think itll be more impressive, because:  1. Accidents will be rare  2. Automated car accidents, even more rare
Drive-throughs that won’t serve pedestrians are basically saying they have a strict dress code that requires you to wear a car.
In the Harry potter universe, couples could take polyjuice potion and swap bodies then have sex to see what its like from both perspectives.
This might be a record for worst shower thought. 
My mates already like that, apparently a top 10 world champion at Mario Kart, so Im sure when his kids are playing Mario Kart 28, hell be telling that same ol story.
Real life is like 95% diplomacy checks.
smokin 1 while readin this, that cool? 
A pizza is just a modern version of a trencher from medieval times.
And Edward Snowden should do it.
The Kardashian’s can’t be that dumb, they’re  rich and famous and tricked everyone into caring about them.
I tell people not to talk to me until I’ve had a coffee, the key is not to drink coffee.
The better you are at doing something the more eccentric you can dress while doing it.
The first time someone steals a spaceship and flies away is going to be epic.
You were pulled off by your hammer?
It’s funny that we still refer to the Pyramids as one of the 7 wonders of the world when they’re the only ones left.
Theyve really isolated themselves from the rest of the competition, Dave.
I dont have to go to Walmart to be the weird person.
Since kinetic energy is converted into thermal energy, slapping an uncooked chicken hard enough for it to be cooked is possible.
Totally right. It’s like credit cards. They exist to exploit people (other then me). So I get to reap the benefits. It’s great for me. Complaining about ads is bullshit. Unless your issue is the predatory nature of advertisements targeting susceptible people. 
The number of people that dont know keyboard shortcuts is too damn high.
Well that depends, if the cat and the hydraulic press are in separate posts.
Lego or should I say Laygo movie. 
Pooping without your phone makes it slower and faster
If you die on your back and it’s freezing out you could see your last breath.
Or soft resetting enough times to make the timeline guardians mad...all for that shiny mewtwo...
Excuse to?  Literally what
So think about all the times you havent checked out a band because you didnt like the first song you heard by them. At least a few of those bands probably have awesome catalogs that youll never hear.
The problem is I sleep well during thunderstorms, but my dog does not. Which is why Im on Reddit at 4am.
Im sure it would be like a tv in their eyes.. I mean, out of context, a TV is just happening to them.. they have no clue how, but they accept it because its happening..
Totally agree, as a man, I think since wed have to be deliberately bad for me to not enjoy it, I focus on her enjoyment which takes a little effort on my part
The first person to hear a parrot talk was probably not okay for a few weeks.
Before the invention of the car all vehicles had automatic collision avoidance
But do they get nervous? Do civilian dogs hide something from dog cops? Are military dogs at a higher rank?
No.
look, that person has 50 bucks!
When we do something gay, we can say “full hetero” instead of saying “no homo”
I bet he put it in a coconut first...
Technology developed very slowly until the industrial revolution. Back in 1018 they probably wouldn’t expect a very big change for the next 1000 years. 
Ive recently seen things like millennials are destroying chain restaurants and millennials are ruining beer(specifically AB-Inbev).  Like, sorry we want to spend what little money we have on quality stuff, not shitty fucking Busch and Buffalo Wild Wings.
Humans did not evolve from fish though.
That 3% of people using Internet Explorer might just be devs cheking if their page works in it
True.  However it is worth noting that saying you try to be as humble as you can when your words reflect your behaviors do not fall under this category, because simply saying your trying your best without coming off as desperate is humble in and of itself.
And the character he played was one of the most active people on the show.
CE and AC. Have no clue what it is. 
So wholesome. Thank you
I once made a post in the cars subreddit, questioning how the weight of a rim affects the acceleration of a car. Before this, I hadnt heard of concepts called *unsprung weight* or *rotational mass*. Most comments were helpful, but some people were outright disingenuous.   When it comes to topics that are new to you, I think googling is a skill that is hard to master. It is significantly made easier if you have some prior knowledge before you google. That way, you can ask the right questions.
Im here FLEXING on yall with my eyes that dont function properly. 
83 year old dad; drove 45 on a 60 freeway...  took the surface street back home, went 20 in a 40.  We basically kept pace with a bus that stopped every block.
This is not a showerthought I read that before
Nice try, youre still grounded.
Anyone born on Mars is a complete arse biscuit. Well, there goes my political career.
Isnt that very specific?
Isnt that one jelly fish considered immortal?  See link provided by my assistant below:
Im not a million years old and Im still dull and pointless.
And Fact checking is seen as a cost center whereas news is seen as a profit center
Remember back in the day though buildings generally weren’t 30 stories high, they may have been 5 at most, probably 2 or 3 was most common. 
When two people want to pass through an open door and it kinda gets weird because you dont know whos going through first and if you both go at the same time you get this extremely weird situation.
What a sad thought to have in the shower
There must be millions of people who still spell out B-E-A-UTIFUL in their head the same way Jim Carrey did in Bruce Almighty.
When you sleep 8 hours a night instead of 6, you are up to 40% better functioning during the day, so yes you get more awake hours, but the sleeper gets a lot better at what they spend their time on.
One of your photos may be the last one with a couple when they were together
An underrated perk of being an adult is you no longer outgrow your clothes.
Or a lazy fuck who just masturbates. 
Well, I haven’t died in previous years so there’s a high chance that I’m not gonna die
Middle Earth, one of the most epic and expansive fantasy worlds, began with a literal hole in the ground.
A Milky Way is just a Snickers without the Nuts
Are we talking about Xanne Frank here?
Im looking for a new job and hate that Ill have to talk to someone on the phone for either a phone interview or to set up an in person interview. It doesnt help that I was also looking at new cars and the dealerships call you like youre withholding the cure for cancer from them. 
Its human nature. 
For someone else.  More like a crowd funded peep show. 
Yeah. They all speak English of course.
For every girl who wonders if a guy is staring at her, there is a guy who accidentally makes eye contact and is now afraid that she thinks he was staring at her.
Im sure his parents had better taste than that garbage. 
So does that make all of us uncredited movie extras?
[deleted]
They didnt make movies about the spaceships that crashed in the ocean
The first immortal creature will probably be a lab rat
Ive got shit memory, so Im safe from the judgement of future me.
Male pattern baldness is natures way of giving you a haircut.
Can you break this down for me and explain the exact similarities between the two, please?
Describes every relationship Ive never had.
Christmas feels more like a deadline than a holiday.
Unless you’re into paleontology, the time in your life when you know the most about dinosaurs usually ranges from 5 to 10 years old
Alone together is a pretty odd phraze when you think about it.
Sand is just fat dust
Its one of best feelings to wake up to pee in the night before Saturday, knowing you can go back to bed and to sleep long.
Wait, how did we conclude that life is eternal?
But I can eat an eat an eat...
Mention insipidus. If its mellitus, the poor fuck is dying
Bro are you mixing your weed with adderall? 
Im going to need to see this flower. I bet its  the best looking flower ever. 
Whos on first?
Thus making a strip club the ultimate business, almost every ad is also an ad for you! XD
The C button will clear all input to the calculator. The CE button clears the most recent entry, so if you make a mistake in a long computation you dont need to start all over again.  C = Clear  CE = Clear Entry
My SO can always tell how my day went by whether I say “coming home from school” (good day) or “coming home from work” (bad day)
HR wants to know you suffered as much as they did.
Actually, the domestic tiger population is fine, it is the wild tiger population that isnt. Allowing for one to be a pet, thus domesticate them, would be counterproductive to trying to make more wild tigers.
That is one hell of a Shower Thought.  Applause.
Ctrl + F, Ctrl + C, Ctrl + V, and Ctrl + Z have done more to improve humanity than most of us ever will.
The worst part about ‘being the bigger man’ is letting the other person think they are right.
I cant wait to hear Pink Guy in Walmart
Youre thinking about WD40 in the shower?
[deleted]
I’m ok*italics*  ##
theyre just trying to stop getting harassed, mate. leave em be
Thats because the the goal is to shame the people who want the babies dead 
thats crazy because u right
All these channels and nothing to watch
In video games, you get annoyed when you cant jump, but when was the last time you jumped in real life
A windmill is a reverse fan. One takes wind and makes it power. The other takes power and makes wind.
And Beethoven was the original Queen Bey. 
I’m just referring to the awkwardness of being saddened by the break and then seeing your ex advertise themselves online 
Slightly related: I was told by a doctor that, even during internal dialogue, you use some of the same muscles in your throat that are used to speak.  After a very bad case of pneumonia, my dad spent some time on a respirator. Per the doctor, there is a maximum recommended time for a respirator, due to potential damage caused by these muscle movements.
What of they are kissing and have a hose connecting their buttholes? Circle of life? Lol
Quick plug for the book ‘So, You’ve Been Publicly Shamed’ by Jon Ronson.   A look into how, when and why these shamings happen, and the aftermath that we don’t see once the pitchforks are lowered/refocused.   It’s Louis Theroux in book form basically (despite Theroux actually claiming Ronson to be a key influence).
Theres a saying that goes Theres no good dialogue in real life or something like that.
All Im saying is look into it. - Eddie Bravo
I read this as reverse house cats
Worked in technical support for PlayStation for a while... Regularly had to deal with older gentleman that thought we did this to them to screw with them.  Favorite was a guy who worked in printing for 25 years who swore at me for 10 minutes over a captcha.
At least one Jedi probably killed themselves because they were holding their lightsaber the wrong way around when they turned it on.
If mosquitoes sucked fat, not blood, the world would be perfect.
Old people have bad vision. 
I remember this one time I used an actual map.
The third hand of a clock is its second hand, assuming you do hours minutes seconds. 
Can you give me an example of how a Braille sign would be unnecessary?
That first cat who gave a smelly dead bird to its owner really had no idea what he was getting the rest of us into
The person you’ve communicated with most is yourself, via your internal monologue
Does no one else remember Zeldas Adventure on the CD-i?
When I was in middle school, the top prize of one of the yearly fundraisers (like candy bar sale) was the Limo Lunch. Those that qualified would get picked up from school in a limo, taken to Friendlys, and treated to lunch and ice cream. Its the only time Ive been in a limo for anything other than a funeral. 
Every time you go outside, night or day, you are being bombarded by photons that have been hurtling through space for millions of years from galaxies away only to end when they reach you.
Internet reviewer Suede pointed this out in a recent review of a Pokemon episode: the fact that Ash actually remembered he saw a Lapras before and remembers what a Lapras is a huge anomaly.
My grandmother who speaks very little English gave me some advice in regards to hospital food. She was sick and in the hospital for a little while and I went to see her and she said.  Dont get sick... You get sick, you come to the hospital. You come to the hospital you eat this food. You eat this food... You die. 
This was me during Get Out. It actually breaks immersion.
Q: What was the best part of your day?  A: I ate at McDonalds today.  Q: What was the worst part of your day?  A: I ate at McDonalds today.
Survival of the fitness 
[So this is how it ends](http://i.imgur.com/QNniqUl.jpg)
Ants are just nature’s nanite janitors. An infestation is just nature helping you clean.
Shrek is my spirt guide. There is nothing in this world I value more than my own personal space, and it is a precious and significant thing when I allow someone in - like a close friend or my spouse. But when you are in, you are in all the way.  Shrek is probably one of the fictional characters I feel the most kinship with.
Theres actually a good chance that sunlight is *still* older than you are.  See, it takes electromagnetic energy thousands of years to leave the sun, owing to the process of its generation. Photons are created at the core of stars, then immediately absorbed or diffused by the incredibly dense matter surrounding them. This results in a chain reaction of production and absorption, which trends outward until the light is finally released. Even then, if you were to look at the energy of a newly-created photon at the suns core and compare it to the energy present in a photon reaching Earth, the latter particle would only be a fraction as powerful as its progenitor, meaning that we have to wait even longer for a second, follow-up photon.  The good news is that delivery occurs in less than nine minutes.
As a teacher, looking for resources only to get 18/20 images on google image search be Pinterest is an ache.   EDIT: Thank you all for your help. I will see though this dreadful affliction.
Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Mostly true. A few markers pointing toward fluency: 1. Dreaming in the language 2. Being able to listen to music and follow the lyrics and intention of the song 3. Being able to have an argument in the foreign language without using any swears (because your grasp of idioms and synonyms for words is strong enough to mount a strong argument)
The letter X has more uses in math than in the English language.
Yeah, the herpes really soured the gameplay experience
Im locking this thread because Im tired of banning people for being assholes.
I would never order pineapple on my pizza   But have eaten it before at parties or catered events and it is fine   Many people are like this, it just became a meme around the time Twitter got in on memes, so it would seem people care a lot when they dont 
Its those creepy, demonic, rectangular pupils. 
I always felt bad for Scotty from “Scotty doesn’t know” by Lustra. What a way to find out your girls been cheating on you 
Just no. 
Lol no shit Sherlock 
Once you turn 13, the movie industry screws you over.  Just ask Corey Haim.
I once shaved my beard off. When I went to work, my supervisor pointed at my face and yelled “MISTAKE!”  I haven’t shaved since then. That was fourteen years ago.
Better be some sausage in there. 
Opportunity (Oppy) has become the new Pluto.
Its given me a few sleepless nights when I realize I cant possibly get good sleep with 3 hours and 12 minutes til the alarm
Has always been considered a douche that essentially stole the idea 
Weve got Malt o Meal brand in the US. Its the cheap knock-off versions, but they come in giant Ziploc bags. The best part is the knock-off names: Marshmallow Mateys, Honey Nut Scooters, Apple Dapples. 
now all i can imagine is a lung cancer cell, receiving the nobel prize from the other cells for being the first to discover how to cheat death. 
Id debunk this, but I already did that last time it was posted here
Changing a perspective doesnt change a situation
People always ask Were you raised in a barn? When someone leaves a door open, but Ive lived on a farm my entire life and the first thing I learned was to close the door or the animals get out.
Training is a form of masturbation for saiyans.
most nebulas arent really that far
Well, they are the opposite ends to the same tube. There some animals that during the embryonic development shift the ends of the digestive tube, meaning that what was the anus when an embryo is the mouth in the born animal. I think this happens with the Gastropoda class, but Im not sure. 
IKEA would make a ton of money if they started selling tiny furnitures for children’s toys.
Amputating Mike Wazowski’s legs would be exactly the same as beheading him.
Related to this is the feeling you felt as a child when you were driving, you look out the window and the moon was following you
There are twice as many nipples as there are humans.
Some poor soul bought a toy weeping angel.
Unless you have another set
I love spraying booger’s all over my wife’s chest!
Birthdays probably meant a lot more back when you werent sure if your kid would make it through the winter.
#subnautica
Everyone wants to be the leader, but being second in command is a pretty sweet gig. You have almost the same amount of power, and way less stress.
Shout out to Saw II, the movie I accidentally stole because blockbuster went out of business.
One of my proudest moments was four years ago. I woke up in the morning, went to the bathroom, let one out (as every morning), and from the bed where she still was laying, I heard my wife say loudly WHAAT DID YOU JUST SAY?.
The more “primitive” the culture, the more compatible they are with long term survival of the human species
The news is not allowed to have a memory, history is not allowed to notice the present.
Technically, Rhianna has more hits than him.
Only because we get yelled at for trying to go in the play place :(
I have never once hit the space bar while watching a YouTube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page
Everyone is going to be very disappointed when famous people keep dying in 2017
The world record for most lasagnas on top of one another is 1.
I always asked myself if its weird to sleep on your stomach having breast implants but never thought about sitting on a fake booty. Well… must be nice to always have a pillow with you.
Willy Wonka tells the kids Anything you want to, do it and then proceeds to get upset with the children throughout the rest of the movie for doing exactly that.
Gloria in modern family says this, You dont even know how smart I am in Spanish. 
If I see Google in a show/movie I think nothing of it, but if I see Bing, I know its product placement.
My family grew up watching the Today show/local news every morning while we got ready. When I moved out, naturally, I kept watching the news in the morning. One day, something snapped, and I thought Ugh, why am I listening to this garbage?. I no longer wake up to depressing news and/or force fed corporate crap. I instantly felt mentally better in the morning, starting my day with listening to music or watching netflix shows. 
Or pregnant. I have three complete wardrobes: pregnant, after pregnant, and Im sure Ill fit these again someday.
[deleted]
Unrelated, but Monsters Inc. is my favorite Pixar movie. Its got this weird, uniquely... bureaucratic feeling to it. I cant think of any other kids movie where the story revolves around a power company, and the heroes get saved by the equivalent of OSHA or the hazmat squad.  And the door warehouse was pretty awesome too. As a kid it was one of the coolest animated scenes I had ever seen, just because of the sheer scale and all the stuff flying around.
I wasnt taught that Wikipedia was inaccurate; I was taught that I shouldnt cite it as a source, which I think is still valid for reasons unrelated to Wikipedias accuracy. 
My childhood right here. Ungrateful kid story to follow...  Single mom with two boys (12 and 14 at the time of this tale) working a smelly food processing factory job buys her oldest (me) a new pair of shoes for Christmas. In the late 80s, white Reebok tennis shoes were the farthest thing from red and black Jordans. I opened that box and then proceeded to let those new shoes sit untouched for a year as I continued to wear my terribly torn and frightfully fragrant dock shoes my aunt got me.  Later, I learned what Mom went through to get me new kicks. What an entitled little shit I was. K-mart layaway and skipping lunches at work was the effort required to make sure her son had some new, clean shoes. And I never wore them...  ...until I went out for tennis to impress a girl. Maybe Mom was psychic.
Why cant you be friends if you cant date?
What about a condom that increases the size of genitalia? 
In the tv series Supernatural nothing in that universe is supernatural since all the things they encounter are observable, quantifiable and exist as part of the natural structure of the world.
As someone who doesn’t live in the USA, can someone explain what makes an old pizza hut so distinguishable? 
I dont understand why I have to pay for the WWE stream if I can swear on my life that I will never watch it.  Okay, yeeaah, but its part of the bundle.
You need to defeat other dads in mortal combat and absorb their powers.  *I think*
Heheh. 
The oldest child will technically always have been loved the most by their parents.
In highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. In a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a luxury.
...and the funny thing is, I tend to grow fat the more I have negative thoughts. So its actually literal for me.
Im just thankful there isnt a bbq flavored/smelling vape
Actually its probably just that we only see them learning shit that turns out to be important.  Think about how long a school year is, how many lessons you have and how many things you learn in them. Theres no way we see even 1% of the stuff you have to learn at Hogwarts.
I call it autocorrupt.
Fire is just on air 
Kids who get the perfect attendance award are either really lucky to have avoided being sick most of the year, or really unlucky to have parents that made them go to school even when they felt like shit.
If reincarnation is real, then maybe flies and other bugs are purposely annoying because they want to get killed and get reincarnated as something better
The prince was probably blackout drunk and woke up the next morning to stories (from his equally-hungover bros) about the 10/10 chick he staggered out of the party with. Then the group concocted this harebrained plan to identify her based on her shoe size (which, ironically, they were quite proud of themselves for coming up with).  
Poland vs. Andorra
Unfortunately, I constantly have nightmares about work. I go home from a 16+ hour shift, try to relax and drift off to sleep. Then, during my dreams, I am in some impossible situation at work. When I wake from this hell, its time to go back. Sometimes its hard to tell weather Im dreaming or not.
Take my upvote you filthy animal 
Imagine if those apples were real?  There would be stadiums full of sleeping people whod decided to just sleep until their true love arrived. (Probably via some sort of system like they use in speed-dating).  Lines of folk getting a quick medical and having their mouths rinsed, then kissing rows of sleeping people while being supervised by large chaperones.
True but somewhat unlikely. If stars were really dying at that kind of rate, our ancestors wouldve likely seen many more stars than we do.
People always say they wish they knew what their dogs were thinking. But if dogs could talk, they’d be the most annoying creatures on the planet.
I conclude from your statement you have not had first hand combat experience...
A friend/co worker just found out that the little girl hes been raising for the last year isnt his. Hes absolutely devastated for himself and the little girl. The mom is absolute trash and hes still trying to get custody of her because hes a stable parent and she is a drug addict. Its so hard to watch because he probably wont win and no one knows who the real dad is not even the mom :(  Edit: didnt think this would get so much attention but since it has Ill update in a month or 2 with more information. He literally just found out 2 weeks ago so the legal battle has just started. Im actually his boss so Im helping him in any way I can with more hours/time off for court.
My new favorite restaurant puts the butter under the fresh baked bread, by the time it gets to the table its perfect   Edit: for those of you asking, its a small local diner where I live, so for a vast vast vast majority of you, you arent getting to eat there. :( 
Your dont realise how old you are until you find out most of currently leading pornstars are younger than you.
If you believe that you are suffering from hypochondria, but you are not, you may be suffering from hypochondria.
Spin-off idea: Natural.
If one had to pay to visit someone at the hospital you would know the people in your life who truly care abou you.
The brain is the only organ that named itself by seeing another brain from another human.
“Worrying about not having enough money” doesn’t necessarily mean for treats. I worry about not having enough money to pay off my student loans in a reasonable amount of time after I graduate. And sometimes the answer to that stress is a cookie, maybe a movie rental, a video game. Doesn’t solve the problem long-term, but treats here and there aren’t hurting it, either. 
That 90° seal of approval 
The Dont text and drive signs on the highway are probably not seen often by their target demographic.
This post gave me an aneurysm
Mirror?
Your gross pay is like spinach before its cooked, and your net pay is the spinach after its cooked.
Given that tickling yourself does not work the same as someone else tickling you, we really lucked out with masturbation.
I thinknI understand what you mean though. Kind of.
Im a middle-aged man and it just today dawned on me that, if I wanted to, I could buy a chainsaw.
Harvard wants to know your location
Ah, the vicious recursion of radical doubt.  This is what the Aggripean Trilemma demonstrates.  We will either eventually stumble upon a previous answer making the response circular (coherentist), state that it just is what it is (fundamentalist), or throw up our hands and accept the infinite recursion.  The counterpoints to the Trilemma are equally as infuriatingly interesting.  I will spare you all this pain and just state that I am a solipsist and all of you are my creations and anything you say to this post is what I would have wanted you to say.
Unfortunately, giving life is inherently non-consensual, since obviously the other person doesnt even exist for you to ask. It would be awesome if there were a way to ask. Clearly impossible, yet would be pretty cool if it were.  But taking life with consent is different. In many cases, consent is questionable. It can often be a sign of mental instability. That could mean the person doesnt understand what theyre consenting to (which is not consent), or that their consent is ephemeral.  However, if were talking about mercy killing for the terminally ill, thats up for debate. If you ask me, its much more ethical to let someone die peacefully without undue suffering than deliberately let them suffer a prolonged, painful death. The main concern is whether consent is informed and reliable. The other aspect is that Im not convinced that its ethical to force medical professionals to perform mercy killing, as that could deeply affect *their* life and cause *them* suffering. But at the same time, it should be readily accessible to terminal patients who are truly consenting.
2019 will probably be the last year that ends with teen for the rest of our lives.
Problem is then the apps would be able to (and did) fake-review themselves. That’s why Apple changed it so you can only use the Store to rate.
You know youre getting old when the edgy music you used to play to piss your parents off is being played as background music at Walmart
Have scientists finally figured out how to transmit data with no delay at all? Lets go to Jane for the whole story.  ...  ...  ...  Thanks Barb. No.
Paint Shop Pro was my beginning. Before that, I thought everything was done in MS Paint and that people were just *really* good with it. 
Im angry just thinking about it
Oh they get the V
Emo dissapeared because now everyone wants to die and it isnt special anymore.
Snoop is not a normal human being. He is actually more pot smoke than flesh. Attempts to lock him into a cell always fail when he just turns himself into a bonghit and passes through the bars like they werent there. 
If you dont have any kids,  you get to spoil yourself.  
I dunno, ever sat on one of your testicles?
Lol British aristocracy are some of the most foul mouthed cunts you’ll ever meet. 
Batman could probably figure out how to fly like Superman
Cool
Which is why I pee sitting down. Also Im a lady
This has been done before in a computer game.  >!There was a vampire hunting guild in Oblivion that was run by a secret vampire. He approaches you to send you after an alleged vampire, warning you not to let the vampire talk as he knows dangerous mind magics (or some such). If you kill the man you will find no vampire ashes when he dies, and the vampire hunter will thank you and offer to reward you for every other vampire you kill. If you talk to the man you discover the truth, and then have to deal with the secret vampire.!<
Being a surgeon is like being a mechanic except you have to fix the car while the engine is running
water black panther
I saw an article about how illegal downloading is up again because its not easy to find what youre looking for amongst all the streaming services...  &#x200B;  EDIT: Did a quick google search and found this article:  [https://www.slashgear.com/what-to-expect-from-video-streaming-services-in-2019-04552162/](https://www.slashgear.com/what-to-expect-from-video-streaming-services-in-2019-04552162/) which references a link which references this study:  [https://www.sandvine.com/hubfs/downloads/phenomena/2018-phenomena-report.pdf](https://www.sandvine.com/hubfs/downloads/phenomena/2018-phenomena-report.pdf)
Bummer. My school uses Gmail and you get to keep it after graduation. Which is great news because I have a nice address and will be happy to keep using it!
Newtons*
Not to mention the longer it sits the quicker it all freezes together and then its really a PITA to remove it. 
One day, that “secret family recipe” will just be that recipe their ancestor looked up online years ago and everybody liked.
I am honestly still amazed seeing a giant celestial body that can be seen with the naked eye. Also being able to see the Milky Way in rural places is stunning 
Taking a multi vitamin after eating fast food makes the meal nutritious
I heard and enjoyed Electric Avenue while grocery shopping yesterday and now I feel stupid.
>our body knows the difference  Speak for yourself! 
No, its the colon
Or because they have to make thousands of meals, often with special restrictions or requirements, three times per day.
Not necessarily rich. You just needed one or more musicians in the family.
The antagonist in The Lion King died in fire; the antagonist in The Lion King II died in water.
Well, at least youre in the right place to shit yourself at that point.
You ever tried to fight in a robe?  Theyre like capes.  They get caught on everything!!! Thats why Kenobi finally died to Darth Vader! The one time he didnt take off the robe...
We cook ourselves in the sun to look tasty to other people.
The TV show Blue Mountain State is based entirely around this. A guy tries as hard as possible to stay the second string QB at a high end football school. He gets the prestige, but none of the work.
Many bind particulate matter and fall to the floor, making the air less polluted with fecal matter you filthy animal /s
No, but the plankton would have.
I knew I stayed subscribed to this sub for a reason.
The worst feeling is when you catch up to a TV show and you have to wait a whole week for the next episode like a mortal
There are tool libraries as well as more traditional rental options. 
On Android, you can check clock speeds and monitor the system more freely. You could always flash a custom ROM and squeeze out more performance than intended anyway.  Edit: what I meant was - Samsung wouldnt be able to get away with it if they tried.  Edit 2: I was addressing the theyre guilty too part of OPs title. I was not suggesting custom roms are the solution to an existing issue.
When we breathe carbon leaves our body and bonds with the oxygen to create the CO2 that trees breathe.     Trees get their mass from the carbon that we give them from our own bodies.     Trees are draining our souls while were still alive, not when were dead.
My Roomba, his name is George, starts at the preset time.  There is no need to create an overseer if he is properly trained.  It would be helpful if my Echo would tell me when George was stuck under the couch marred up on a sock though.  I never realize he is in a jam until the floors start getting crumby and his charging dock is empty.
What about 2D chess being played on a computer screen? 
Blind people can burn their house down too.
Is there ever truly a winner in spin the bottle
I work as a director at a station where one of our anchors is in a remote set a few counties away from our main set. Our entire broadcast is an awkward delay
I always say, when someone abused by power finally gets power, there are two responses:  Now its my turn  Or  Never again
What that even means? 
I’d say how warm or hot since the higher the number the hotter it is, not colder. But interesting thought nonetheless
As a kid, I really struggled with the concept of friends and family intermingling. Somewhere along the line, I just got it in my head that they any contact between them should be kept to an absolute minimum.
What if the results are infinite, and they put a number there to stop people forever getting lost in the void of the Internet...
If this were true everyone would enjoy it equally, every time.
By that logic, women must also like men who spend their Sundays farting into the sofa cushions.
Speak for yourself Im going to live forever or die trying...
Also a good place to see characters who never were good looking suddenly as waaaay too good looking.  Edit: HOLY CRAP THIS BLEW UP! IT IS NOW MY MOST UPVOTED COMMENT! (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
“In England they drive on the left side of the road, in New England we drive on what’s left of the road.”   Edit: Thanks for the gold friend! I’ve officially peaked, it’s all downhill from here.
-40C or -40F is the same and feels like 0K
There was an old saying I read. Something like, The best way to find accurate information on the internet is to post wrong information, for someone will always correct you.
AOL who I have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom Ive given over 60 thousand dollars to deleted mine within a year of my graduation.
Here in Phoenix Arizona these guys are getting paid like oil rig workers during these months. 
When i get out of my car, Im always surprised how loud my phone sounds when it cracks on the floor.
Surfing the web has become like watching TV back in the day, just flicking through a handful of websites looking for something new on.
As a kid I hated getting clothes for Christmas. As an adult I love it because I now have a sense of how expensive they are
weirder that we leave our meat outside for years before we eat it...
I stepped on a piece of day old banana that I didnt pick up because I thought the dog was going to eat it. 
i own a limo/party bus as a side business.    Real VIP transport has moved to sprinter vans, or high end but lowkey SUVs.    The limo crowd is mostly highschoolers, and the party crowd.
I remember canceling car insurance after getting a better rate at another company. They offered me a lower rate but not as low as the new company. I told the operator, if you gave me this rate from the beginning, I never would have shopped around.
It is easier to stay awake till 6 AM than to wake up at 6 AM.
But it’s French
In 50 or so years well be talking about Stephen Hawking the same way we talk about Albert Einstein, Neils Bohr, or Ernest Rutherford. We lost someone truly special. 
Really? Because I imagine there are billions of mice in the entire world, I don’t think even 1% are in labs
Maybe Pink Floyd is really popular with dads because they can listen to it and pretend that all of the bullshit going on around them in the car (baby crying, kids yelling, old people talking about pudding) is just part of the song.
Its almost like those two things are different temperatures. Anyway, I enjoyed reporting this for 3 different rule violations. 
It already happened and its called Zeldas Adventure for the CDI
Unoriginal and boring. Fuck you.  
Or are tide pods just liquid gel pills for our clothes?
The coliseum is my favorite gaming platform 
Holy shit how come i never realized this
Pfft, I taped Top Gun off the TV in the early 90s and even now I cant watch it on dvd or whatever without knowing where the ad breaks are or what they were for. Really disrupts the flow when after Mav gets shut down in the bar it doesnt cut to an advert for The Daily Express.
Dude they really are. Last week I was just sitting there having a mental breakdown cuz fulltime construction job + full time college student is an absolutely chaotic combination and j was stressing hard. Our little puppy came over and just crawled into my lap looking up at me. I was shook I’d never seen a dog do that in person 
What programming language are they compatible with
I already dont like looking in the mirror. Having some ugly chick judging isnt going to help that.
For thousands of years, technological advance was pretty much unnoticeable from one generation to the next. Before the 20th century, almost nobody even thought about where technology might be in 100 years, and the people who did had no idea just how much more advanced wed be
Indeed. Tons of porn was lost to time when Dailymotion banned porn. 
Aww yiis
Before the smartphone or the navigation system became a thing only people who really knew the city could become Taxi drivers.
Reddits attention span is governed by the front page algorithm.
Then Apple removed the cd drive
Can we all agree its Saturday instead?
[Reminds me of this scene from Utopia.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn3oXHSUdKY)
Unless youre a chronic masturbator, then you always need one ear free youre in a crowded house   Edit: if you are in a crowded house/if youre a chronic masturbator then you are always in a crowded house :p
MOVE FUCKFACE  No u
An easy way to see if your date is an asshole is to ask them to go to a stand up show. If they say no because the comedian made fun of them they're dick head dinos.
The older I get the less I hate the Kardashians, and the more I hate their fans.
Spiderman being disliked by his city even though he does good things is like a metaphor for spiders eating flies but still being hated by humans. Bonus: J. Jonah Jameson is always trashing Spiderman in his paper is like a metaphor for hitting a spider with a rolled up newspaper.
Sleeping is like time traveling
Been binge drinking for over a year, never touched alcohol before then, I loved myself sober but everyone hated me, now I hate myself drunk and everyone loves me.   Edit: 10 days sober
You have to be a Dad to makes Dad jokes, women never saw it coming.
If our main diet was potatoes I would agree with you... but it isn’t. Therefore you statement is not correct... but I’ve met your kind before, you will argue the toss even when your incorrect, so this is probably a pointless thread 🤷🏻‍♂️
Conversely, also contributed to the saving of one or more lives.
More like a weak laugh track on a horrible show.
A friend sent me a video of a woman getting a clown tattood on her asshole  yesterday and I had to ask if he was there filming or if it was an internet find. So yeah, youre right 
Im not sure if my antivirus software is effective, because no viruses are detected on my computer, or ineffective, because no viruses are detected on my computer.
One dude plled a CD out of his bag and autographed it and handed to me. I said thanks and walked off, when he grabbed my shoulder to turn me around, asked for $10. I said no way and he yanked the CD out of my hand with a look like I hurt his feelings.   Weird sell
This was written by a youngest child 
A magical mirror that showed an oppositely gendered, equally attrative version of ones self could be very insightful
I think this is because they want to foster critical thinking skills. Basically if you can find that meaning in a work (whether it’s bullshit or not) and make a cogent argument (don’t forget to cite your work), then they did their job.   That’s why a lot of lawyers are English majors. Find some meaning that no one sees and present that as your case. 
And bugs.  And not being able to hide under layers.  And 
I put on my cap & gown, took pictures in front of the hall with my friends and my family. When everyone else went in for the ceremony, my mom ran in and grabbed a program and then my family & I went and got ice cream. We have all the momentos from the day, but didn’t have to sit through it. 
Really? I had always thought it was:  Slow and steady is kind of bad advice for winning a race. However, in some situations you might do nothing right and still get lucky. Perhaps your opponent is simply slow and *un*steady, for instance. Sometimes you can even be absurdly not-qualified to run a race at all, but you still win if your opponent is a next-level moron.   That sounds more like reality, in light of current events...
And every birthday is a celebration of not dying for another year.
[deleted]
I think people who knew them would just assume they grew a mustache, even back then...
When a Dog sees a K-9 unit police dog, they might think, Oh shit the cops
Google could be lying about how many search results it gives, noones going to actually check that far.
Better: 2x a year, we go back an hour. Every 12 years wed be a day behind, so wed skip a Monday.
Garbage bag commercials can stop proving the bag wont rip and start showing that the string wont break.
That and I cant remember something long enough to tell anyone anyway. 
Maybe that’s an indication of how much brain power we need to control our body movements. When we’re completely still our brain is free to spin a wild yarn. When we’re up and moving around, our brains are like “Not now. Using a lot of ram to keep you from pissing yourself.”
Drugs were legal
By always blaming Millenials, we are showing that our generation (which raised them) doesnt take responsibility for our problems.
Well an IUD can last for five years with better effectiveness than condoms, so that would be even more environmentally friendly!
M.C.R. builds too good. Their SpaceNavy is the best in the Solar system.
Harry Potter could have been hallucinating everything due to carbon monoxide poisoning by being stuck in the cupboard under the stairs.
My OS must suck then 
Grass is a forest for insects. 
Leather or feather?
Until someone steals your book for the dollar.  
I’m not going to argue with that. 
Close to my old home we had a drive in theater, when I was very little you had a speaker box that was beside the car, not very good quality. Just before the drive in went under they changed to radio so you could watch from the inside of your car and listen to the movie from your own car stereo. Sorry this isnt about headphones.   I miss drive in theaters. 
[deleted]
Im assuming the Simpsons is never going to end, just like the Queen is never going to die.
Straight guy here:   According to sources, taking off the bra is great, but if you scratch/rub the lines on her sides and shoulders where the bra was, its WAY better. 
Yes! If you have anxiety dreams a lot then its such a relief. You wake up and its like oh yeah... actually none of that matters *or even happened*.  Sometimes if you become self-aware during the dream itself its great too. You can just dismiss everything instantly. 
There was a book series I read when I was younger where the people were so immortal and perfect they would buy disease and sickness from mortals just to experience something different.
The thinner the phone, the more convinced I am that Im going to snap it in half
They will also drive you to the cops if you or your vehicle were suspected of being involved in a crime.
If it works out anything like my tamagotchis did, Im fucked.
Worst trophies ever
Missed opportunity. It’s a wizard lizard.
If we allowed people to adopt tigers as pets, wed probably save the tiger population while getting our own population under control at the same time.
In the “People you may know” tab sometimes pops up people you wish you won’t know ever again.
We developed high tech cameras to take pictures, only to use filters thatll make them look like theyve been taken on a polaroid camera a billion years ago...
No just me and my wife. Private septic tank.
Its not free to the people sending the junk mail
Lol Kiki, do you love me? Get over 50s personal injury insurance now! Kiki did! 
There have been times when Ive literally forgotten how old I was, and had to calculate it out.  Remember what year it is, remember if I had my birthday, remember what year I was born, and then do the math.  Luckily, Im still able to do all that in my head. So I guess Im not quite old yet.
Wasnt it just used for people to pettily get rid of others they didnt like? 
I just keep my passwords in one of two .txt files on my computer - one is labeled passwords, while the other is not passwords. Guess which one has my passwords
So many comments here justifying this type of habit. I watch my sister do this all the time. Shes stressed so shell order out a $10 meal (no biggie right?), but then youve got a delivery fee plus tip, so it comes to $20. Do that twice a week, thats a $160/month habit.   Being an adult is telling yourself you have food at home.
So... You check Facebook and look at cats all day and they pay you how much?
7/11 was a part time job 
My self esteem is already low enough so Ive never downloaded Tinder.  Edit: Most replies have experienced a harsh reality, but I want you to believe in yourself and maintain yourself. Never give up (Unless its smoking). 
I honestly believe that if I had a superpower, that made me powerful enough to not be apprehended or killed, I would turn into a villain.
My mom just found out that her sister is only her half sister two months ago because of this ancestory test. Turns out her long lost father that she had just met for the first time a few years ago wasnt even her dad, and her real dad is dead. She found out who it was because her real dads daughter had taken the test too and she showed up as being her half sister on the chart. She even had common friends with her half sister too.
you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions
They live 400 years? No wonder Chewies family was okay with him running off to shoot things with Han. 
They finna be like ayy bitch lemme beat up on them rotting cheeks
Send nudes, not nukes is the make love, not war of this century
Im 45 years old and I survived all that shit and a lot more. However, I am one of the lucky ones.  I grew up waaaayyy down South in the sticks in the 70s and it was a shit show. Ive lost eight of about 15 peers from my area due to all sorts of this stuff. So, not all of us believe we dont need safety standards.
Most orchestras are just 1800s cover bands.
Youre the 4th person thinking about slapping chicken in the shower today. Such a coincidence
The only thing offensive about this song is that I have to listen to about six variations of it every two hours or so at work.
If penis size was as obvious as breast size the world would be a very different place.
Or maybe drugs are just the sweets of adults, along with sweets.
Can I get a replacement face since the original came broken? 
Doesnt snickers have caramel too? 
Well, people also still believe in gods. 
[deleted]
Google Earth, in all its detail, is an unprecedented accomplishment for mankind. No one even a hundred years ago (or less) would believe it could exist. But the fact that it is free, is a world wonder.
We knew. My house had burned down, and I was moving. We knew there wouldnt ever be another time with all of us together.  I remember everything about that day.
Making a typo in an online argument is the equivalent of voice cracking in a verbal argument.
We used to wear dead animal skins as clothing, now we use polyester which is made from dinosaurs
Weed?
When you think you just have a cold but then the Avengers show up
Until you post a shower thought giving them the info then need. 
Chappelle show.   Punch them in the face while yelling, spam blocker bitch!
True, but we love our pets more than our kids. 
The ‘live action’ remake of The Lion King is probably having more time and money spent on the animation than the animated original.
Fog is the real life equivalent of a render distance restriction
More likely that it stems from the idea of entrapment. Which generally means that law enforcement cant coerce you or trick you into committing a crime. If an undercover cop threatens violence against someone unless they sell him some of prescription pain meds for example, that is entrapment.   What an entrapment defense doesnt help you with is if an undercover cop asks to buy some of those pain meds nicely and I go ahead and do it.
Honest question here... why is there an assumption that AIs would emphasize power, control and self-preservation as we do? Any theories out there you kind redditors could point me to?
Well never know if anything lives forever if we die first. 
I have a 5 year old son and a 7 year old son. They still think I am better than Superman. I know it wont last forever but Im enjoying their company more than I ever did going out with friends and partying. 
We want most what we cannot have 
If wookies have a 400 year life span, then Han Solo is basically like Chewbaccas third dog
Technically a broken-English speaker can be considered more knowledgeable than an average English speaker, since they know more than 1 language, but nobody seems to realise or respect that.
In all fairness, Tom is really just trying to do his job. The reason he is so bent up about catching Jerry is due to him being abused with a broom (If I remember correctly) by his owner since he is unable to catch Jerry. I think that hes mainly trying to get Jerry so that once its done he will be able to live the true life of a cat.
Captcha can be figured out easily even with todays computers.
But not the same as a medium chance.
This is the type of shower thought we all want
Well in the comics Bruce frequents conspiracy theorist forums and posts about Bruce Wayne being Batman just to hide the possibility in plain sight.
https://youtu.be/vFbc9BcJddE
Kenya with the e and a switched is Kanye. Kanye is black.
A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend wont let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend wont let her go, people will likely get concerned.
Dont hate the player, hate the game.
If I appeared in front of my dog through teleportation, he would oversee the fact that I teleported and be happy that Im home
If and when colonization on Mars is successful, the path that Curiosity has taken will likely become a tourist destination like the freedom trail in Boston
I agree
[deleted]
I work for a large networking equipment company. Im always casually throwing a 30k ++ piece of gear under my arm, throwing it the trunk of my car, etc.   Its all about perspective and familiarity
Its quite convenient that calling the cops is 911 now.
https://i.imgur.com/VbKV9DF.jpg
People try to be responsible with money so that they can afford to be irresponsible with money
Your future self is watching you right now through memories.
Behold: the scientific method in action
Or every song on the album is basically the same as the favourite song but without the certain hook that made it decent. 
At least I can assume the mirrors in the store havent had anyone squatting over them with a suction cup toy doing webchats... 
On the contrary . . .   COP #1:  Sir,  you are under arrest!  COP #2:  Clancy, wait!  The man we were pursuing had no mustache, and this one does.  How could he grow a mustache in just a minute?  COP #1:  I dont know . . . sorcery?  COP #2:  That makes sense.  Okay, lets find a stake and burn him.  
How do I delete someone elses post
I see a service dog at disneyland, so all is well.
A pizza is just a modern version of a trencher from medieval times.
I realized they werent perfect when the fridge was empty at age 10. Must have still been a child thou cause I was trying to impress girls by throwing squid parts at them.
Holding your breath is only intended to put pressure on the diaphragm to stop it from convulsing.
Too soon 
Dont give me that attitude. I used to do your job and had to put up with much worse.  [edit]  This got a lot of upvotes, so I must confess. I was quoting me when I said that to one of the staff in a restaurant. I am the asshole being quoted.
Now imagin having 69 on your 69th birthday on the 6/9/69!   Actually dont imagin
Back in the day a clothes maker was trying to sell a line of designer jeans.  Every store laughed at him.  He put out an ad for his jeans even though they werent in stores.  People were so amazed at how exclusive the jeans were they went nuts.
Really!? For some reason I find that hard to believe. 
Or a funeral parlor.
Everyone I meet is an asshole...  Oh. 
Checkmate
If youre playing Russian Roulette, the point of the game isnt to survive. Winning is sometimes a relative term. 
Id say falling in love with a show and finding out its been canned altogether.
Walking your hot tea over to the couch is a form of meditation in itself
Else theyd call themselves 11/365
bruh, not even rich people. went to college in VT, occasionally visited burlington. public garage: $10/hr. parking ticket: $15  &#x200B;  theyd never ticket you twice in the same day, and you didnt *always* get a ticket, so it was just cheaper to risk the fine
If life gives you bitter orange and citron, make them have sex and then drink the juices.
Lets not forget tapping one side or the other to skip ahead or behind.... 
This year my family all decided not to do gifts and just spend the holidays together as much as possible. I feel a lot of financial stress taken off of my shoulders, and Im in a much better mood daily because of the time spent with loved ones. As I get older I find the time with my parents more and more valuable.  I truly recommend this to everyone. 
My Mum gave lectures to my kids about using Roblox and the like.   She wont have any Paypal or Ebay account incase Someone gets my details   Fills in every online survey that offers as much as a 50p off  coupon.  Then wonders why she gets phonecalls from random companies. 
If you are going to steal other people thoughts for some useless internet points that have no impact what so ever on your real life, at least make sure it wasn’t posted less then 24 hours ago... 
They arent SpongeBobs Burgers, though. They are Mr. Krabs Burgers.
Probably wouldnt work - people would end up smuggling them into films in their bags, then getting them out halfway through the film and start snacking on them.
She thinks its actually I got the ball, now you chase me to get it back
Oh you also use them to exterminate undesirable populations? Thought I was the only one...
Most cats are cleaner than most humans
Its a hand-warmer/muff, surely?
Not all barcodes are serial...
Your Overthinking gets stuff right occasionally and youll never know
As a teacher at an English centre my students struggled a bit with that word. Showed them the Bruce Almighty clip and they havent gotten it wrong since. If it works it works.  
You can tell how strong Nazi propaganda was back in the 30- 40 just by looking at how many people still believe in it in 2019.
More like a sling for your arm.
The creator of Photoshop couldve had a lot of fun if he did not tell anyone.
Reddit is like my fridge. After the fifth time opening it I know everything thats in there, but I keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of something new.
Clearly you havent explored the sexual advantages of having a mipple.
Gorgeous view ahead
Choose? I earned mine.
I like them because Martin Freeman was epic. And Bilbos anticipated confrontation with Smaug and Golum did not disappoint for me at least. 
Student teacher here!   Last year I did a money topic with a year 11 class alongside their regular maths curriculum. We covered budgeting, how your salary works including tax and national insurance deductions, credit cards/loans, and what does interest really mean as well as a few other things relevant to 15 year olds who may enter the workplace in a year or so. Tried to make it as practical and life relevant as possible, one task had them plan a holiday in groups and figure out ways to pay for it. They had to find some prices, work out how long it would take them to save up while working and decide if credits cards or loans would be worth it.   They absolutely did not give a shit. Guaranteed in a few years those kids will be complaining about how we didnt prepare them for real life.  *Edit* for anyont wondering exactly how we did the holiday task: The pupils used Google to find the price of an all inclusive holiday, I gave them an hourly salary that was just over minimum wage and told them how much money a month they needed to live comfortably. They worked out the number of hours they had to work each week to meet that amount then took the task from there. They were given clear options to chose from and explore and each option was suitably scaffolded to guide them through the task. If they chose to just work more hours they had to decide how many more per week, how long would this take, they had to be realistic about the number of hours they could work and if they were willing to wait that long. They then wrote down the total price of that option (as theres no interest it was just the standard price)  If they chose credit cards I gave them two options with different levels of interest and with one including a money back bonus but still being more expensive in the end. The other option was very similar, taking out a loan with interest. They worked out how much each holiday would cost with interest and then how long that would take them to pay back. Here we discussed not falling for cash back ads and how it took far longer to pay back afterwards than to just save for.  Taking the overall prices of all the options we realised that saving up was just the best way. We briefly discussed that loans and credit cards often set payment limits and you arent just given your own time to pay things off and this is where the issues arise from but we didnt do much detail there. The aim was to show just how much they cost and we achieved that.
Planet of the apes didnt
No, it was a startup. Young, new companies aren’t called kickstarts. A “kickstart” means to give something a boost (or literal kick, in the case of a dirt bike) to get it started. 
Kind of poetic, isnt it? Furthermore, Carthage must be destroyed.
For some reason trucks and motorcycles are always opening the throttle when they pass by my farm. I just keep my head down and continue to eat my corn.
Then why are tinted windows on cars darker?
Star Trek Voyager, season 5, episode 1 *Course: Oblivion*
Man you guys have done a lot of thinking about Elon Musk in the shower lately...
That’s selective breeding for ya 
Condoms are made by automated assembly lines, meaning robots are literally helping to prevent human reproduction.
I fucks with this post
Unless you increase mass
Its probably because were numb to seeing a sclice of unidentifiable meat. But it still disturbs us to see a full, dead animal. Even chicken, probably the most identifiable (as its usuall whole) has no head and is plucked, yes because you dont eat those parts. But if you found a entire chicken even without feathers in a freezer. Thats not socially acceptable.   (Because most people like to pretend theyre not animals)
Im not sure that eating from a sizzling pan directly connotes sophistication... 
What are the chances that we have created an alien for movies or tv that is an actual species out there? Cause that’d be REEEAAAAALLY awkward if a species came to earth all diplomatic and found out that the Xenomorph is a spitting image.
If we someday find intelligent life on a planet with a helium atmosphere, we’ll probably laugh at the way they talk.
Damn, thats a depressing way to start the workday.
are you so weak that you cant carry your own bodyweight? when my brother who weighs like 50 pounds more than me jumps on me, i can still get him off me without much of a hassle
Good one. Although, I just avoid parties now that Im older.
If you say so.
.....people also forget that legends were created to carry on traditions and keep people safe. The boogey man kept kids from wandering off in the dark where predators could get them. Etc there are a lot of examples of fairy tales, myths and legends that were made for that purpose 
They were literally starving. Calories or death you choose. 
Fucking same. Then again I missed like 40 days a year 
https://lifehacker.com/want-to-read-faster-stop-saying-the-words-in-your-head-5949297
Jellyfish. Turritopsis dohrnii, or Turritopsis nutricula, is a small (5 millimeters (0.20 in)) species of jellyfish that uses transdifferentiation to replenish cells after sexual reproduction. This cycle can repeat indefinitely, potentially rendering it biologically immortal. Although, if you mean immortal mammals, then yeah, probably lab rats, although Bowhead whales might give them a run for their money.  Glass sponges have been estimated to live 15,000 years and there are clams older than the U.S. ... also lobsters - they just get bigger and hornier, apparently. 
Funny story: I had a friend growing up whom I didn’t particularly like, however I believed my mother and his were good friends. My mother, as it turns out, didn’t like her much, but spent time with her because she believed I was good friends with the son. This only went on for about nine years.
Humidity in winter is also a large factor but people dont usually think about that
Need more torches in the pool to put the water out. 
Students who try hard in high school grow up wishing they had fun, but students who only had fun in high school grow up wishing they tried.
Who are you and why do you know so much about me?  Edit: Welp, my first gold. Thank you kind stranger!
Kenya with the e and a switched is Kanye. Kanye is black.
True story. Early 70s. Barry White era. My parents decide it’s time to give my older brother The Talk. My dad decides to be the one to give it and figures he’d tell me as well so he doesn’t have to do this again.   He proceeds to tell us how to get a woman turned on, including having cocktails and playing music, candles etc. He then gives a play by play of what to do. I have no idea what is going on, but I knew I didn’t want to know.   Of course, I told my friends the next day and there was a bit of a row among the parents.   I think my mom wanted him to talk about puberty and making babies and such. We got a 1970s how to sex up a chick primer instead. 
Also youre tired
And your brain is the graphics card   Edit:   since I get so many responses regarding their inadequate hardware, I just have to get this out :  You all can upgrade your graphics card: Every book read, every protagonist imagined, every world visualised. Every fantasy youll ever have, will upgrade your imagination!
Damnit Chidi
🎂Happy Cake Day, OP! 🎂 
Our belly buttons are basically the same thing as holes the in fruit, where the stem goes.
Ive done it a couple of times, when Im struggling to sleep I start counting but on more than one occasion Ive got above 1000 and still been wide awake but so incredibly bored. I wouldnt advise it 
The skeleton isnt inside you, youre the brain so youre inside the skeleton.
Humble brag
Bathroom tap is definitely my preference
Egg + Mayo = Egg Salad, Potato + Mayo = Potato Salad, Chicken + Mayo = Chicken Salad, Math proves mayo magically turns any food into salad.
If EA suffers big enough losses from the backlash of Battlefront 2, and it all started because some guy couldnt unlock Vader, this will be the second time Anakin brought balance to something.
A pear is the Luigi to an apple.
Nobody lies on the internet. We just reply to everything sarcastically.
The two side-by-side dont drive drunk signs would be more effective if they werent blurry and swaying back and forth.
April Fools Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
It depends on your definition of nature. Everything we do is natural, technically.
It is really fucking weird that we drink other animals milk and act like its normal, while drinking our own species milk is considered disgusting unless youre an infant
Looking at you, Sirius XM.
Cameramen who shot porn are the only people in the world who can excusably get an erection while doing their job
Not even close to being true. 
Mmm spicy TRex wings. You get a tee shirt and your picture on the wall if you finish 1 in an hour.
Thats a fact, not a shower thought. 
As toddlers, our parents would apologize to strangers because we embarrassed them. As teenagers, we apologize to strangers because our parents are embarrassing us.
No More Heroes and Dead Rising were really onto something...
Go to bed, youll feel better in the morning is the human version of have you tried turning it off and on again?
Same. My husband said its because theyre probably only programmed with that one sound on the machines
I have seen more of the surface of the Moon with my own eyes than I have of Earth.
I have a horrible mental image on my mind.
Youre not wrong. For some reason, we tend to care more about our material possessions more than our own bodies.
Best day for the flag industry since 911
If boys screamed at girl bands the way girls scream at boy bands it would be terrifying and hilarious
Ill pay your rent and feed you. All I ask is that you pay me $3,000/ month.
The fastest way to lose weight is eating as often as my neopets. After a steady supply of Omelets and jelly, to no meals for 9 years 
What if you’re deaf? 
Me at 8 years old: I dont want to take a nap. Fight for hours.   Me at 30 years old : *Looking at the time with excitement* Oh look at that...Its almost time for my 2nd nap. :D
Congress is Comcasts final evolution
Per hole. Otherwise, I enjoy playing as much golf as possible.
Is there a unused mirror
This video has been removed due to a copyright claim by
> Whenever two people meet, there are really six people present. There is each man as he sees himself, each man as the other person sees him, and each man as he really is.  -William James
But if the tree grows a lot of leaves, is it being shady?
The original day the Earth stood still (1951) had this as a plot and only the development of nuclear weapons made the aliens contact us.
Dragons are just wizard dinosaurs
Put a tinfoil faraday cage around it, and explain that its festive but isnt exerting any pressure or influence over anyone.
Youre really setting a super low bar for perfection.
Actually - China was the trade Mecca - hence the opium wars - everyone had stuff from China but China didn’t want anything from the rest of the world until the got them hooked on opium 
Mice are the real mvps of scientific advancement
So keys turn walls into doors 🤔
This got gold in less than ten minutes.
Its two weeks right?
Under Armour eventually became over armour.
But hey least at the end of it, even if you dont understand you got enough mathematics skills to do dozens of other jobs.   We need an accountant  I did physics  Wow you must be super good at maths and counting, congrats you are hired!  --then proceeds to be a terrible accountant 
Rulers were probably made using another ruler
I go into “black ops missions” with a different name . Getting drunk and just fucking around with my “alt” .. 
Its actually a potion made of beans to revitalize the mind.
18-23 is not old
Valentines Day is just an excuse to be nice to everyone
Peggys one of those people who have an average IQ, but still think theyre always the smartest person in the room.
You mean humans arent the scariest creature to ever exist in this universe? Goodness I dont want to be in a universe where we are. 
How do they get away with no copyright infringement / linking to the original picture source.  I hate their site, I made an account in hopes to further my search, but once youre there it is typically just a dead end... dude5795 pinned this photo ...whered he get that damn photo!
A pet peeve of mine. I just park toward the back.  1) the extra walking is trivial 2) less likely to get in an accident not driving by so many people  and cars 3) you arent wasting time
Thats not how sleep works for me. Im currently between jobs 
How you feel when you get a text from your crush is the same happiness your mum feels when she gets a text from you.
Imagine the principal with the Magic: The Gathering collection from the mid 90’s. Oof
Seriously reposting this from just yesterday without even trying to make it different?  Or listening to the comments from, like, actual scientists that pointed out that its completely wrong
Single Player games that don’t require internet are going to be extremely valuable during the apocalypse
Fap is just the absence of sex
Waluigi has probably gotten the most attention he ever has by not being in a game.
Id like to introduce you to the LVAD
Alphabetical order is really just a random order that we all agree is in order
With that logic serial killers are the most green people on the planet they removed tones of peoples foot prints! 
They’re a sin against chicken wings I’ll tell you what
Ive outlived my wife by 20 years so far. It really sucks ass...
Vegetables are delicate and require that kind of environment. In wild, theyll easily die. Natural Selection..
Is this a shitpost I honestly can’t tell
When I say peepee it makes me smile  Peepee
The 30 second rule doesn’t apply to liquids
Whoa. Whoa. Wait a minute. You have obviously not met my three year old son. He cries if he doesnt get his Cheerios. Such emotional agony!
College students dont want to go to graduation ceremonies, but they go to please their relatives, while relatives dont want to go but go to support the students; we should all just be honest and skip that ceremony and go out for pizza.
Your belly button is just your old mouth.
.. Ill be listening to the Backstreet Boys singing about erectile dysfunction
Links name is in five zelda games. Can you name them all?
Bargain bag is zip lock and come in five gallon sizes
TIL food is creepy
[deleted]
Never fully trust anything anymore.
And then we were introduced to geography. After that it felt normal. I guess thats how life works. The more you know about it, the more everything seems normal.
I was just thinking about this the other day its sorta weird to think the people i look up to are totally different people when you open your eyes a bit.  Growing up is weird.
I remember a program called End It All, it did exactly this. I have no idea if they are still around or even relevant anymore.  I used to run it when I wanted to play Battlefield 2 or Call of Duty 2.
Beds also double as reproduction stations
Since we are about the same fleshy density as a chicken, wouldnt your hand cook before the chicken did? 
Being stuck in a pen until a human wants to take it out is luxurious? 
CA vehicle code 23333 is what youre looking for...
ITT: people have a dick measuring contest over how shitty their phones are. 
What if everyone who could got more than 2 kids, and after that no virgins fucked?
Amish girls have no way of knowing if its a romantic candlelit dinner or just a regular dinner
Not having to set an alarm in the morning has to be one of the greatest adult luxuries.
Maybe you can still find an okay fish tho 
You assume the entire universe is filled with planets, and stars. The universe can be generally bland, along with the fact that it is constantly expanding. The chances of this is probably 0
Minimuc dang, he got me.
One time, instead of flipping someone off, my grandfather just gave them a thumbs down when he was cut off.  
People are reporting that this post is a joke, and thus should be removed according to the sidebar. Gild this comment if you agree that it should be removed.  Edit: It looks like someone agreed that this post should be removed. Too bad that we dont, so it is gonna stay. Thanks for the gold anyway kind redditor! :)  Edit: Wow, never have seen [so many reports on a comment](https://i.imgur.com/CH4muiL.png), but I dont think it is a world record yet, so keepem coming guys! But stop using Vote manipulation and Being a jerk. Be original!
Its gonna suck. 
I wonder what it looks like
Referees are like the police of sports
And growing up I watched commercials of a serial rapist in a colourful sweater peddling colourful boneless bones. 
I cant curl 200kg
Reminds me of a sci-fi series called The Forever War.
People wouldnt stop a microwave with time left on the clock if there was a dont beep when finished option.
>$116.8 billion  Thats more money than [160 countries has in GDP](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28nominal%29?wprov=sfla1). Maybe hes planning on seceding from the Union?
[deleted]
Our game is successful boys. Were raking in millions a day. Now what if we eliminated the object of the game as a statement against hunting?
Contacts are the AirPods to glasses
If unwanted. Symbiotes if wanted.
Nothing makes you sweat like realizing you forgot to put on deodorant
The fact that a woman can look you in the face and give you an obviously fake number and walk off like its real is terrifying
In Bohemian Rhapsody a key point was that radio stations would never play a 6:00 song, because listeners wouldnt want to sit through it. Yet in the movie they never play the whole song, probably because they felt audiences wouldnt want to sit through it.
In some sci-fi movie, theyll be stranded in space and need new batteries to survive. One will remember that theres a Tesla in space. When they retrieve it they realize it was launched without the battery.
If you are alone when you crack open a peanut shell and eat the peanut inside, you are the only person in the world to have ever seen that peanut.
My dad got into a disagreement with a high school professor over the meaning of some poem. Was the bird blue to symbolize this or that? A few years later, he was a stage hand at his university theater and that poet came to give a lecture. He got to ask the poet directly what he meant with that line.   The poet said that his publisher wanted a longer poem, so he added extra lines. Sometimes the bird is just blue
I think theyre the same thing. I think most stop watches have a chime so they can be used as a timer, as well.
Very few got gold medals.
I dont think you need to shrink the kids for them to be in mortal peril in Australia😂
Is it wrong to cough only once but continuously 
Using transition lenses technology for vehicles would be great for those that want tinted windows. Also for those that want to be able to turn safely at night
Im old as shit and its 830 and Im already in bed. Ill be up at 530. I find fault in your logic.
I always thought it was weird that the witches poison apple came with the clause of being broken if kissed by your true love. She couldnt have broken out some good old fashion non magical cyanide or something ? 
Luckily my asshole knows the difference between a 13 inch dildo and a 2005 Ford Explorer.
Are we supposed to keep worrying about everything suspicious we ever saw forever?
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows were here but theyve agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
[deleted]
humans are machines
And more than likely the last.. 💩
Maybe dogs hate the mailman because they are the one person to come to the house almost every day but is never allowed by the owners to come inside. Somethings got to be WRONG with this guy, from the dogs perspective.
I just want a show with a character who stumbles and stutters whenever theyre trying to talk.
I always thought reaching adulthood was buying paper towels, toilet paper, and cleaning supplies in advance of actually needing them. 
Wait, really? Like, theres people out there that look like me? In know about look-a-likes but 7000 look-a-likes, surely not?
Many of us are past our half-life so to speak but will never know it until it has been way past.
My ex wife got hooked on meth. After a year of trying to get her help I found out she was sleeping with her dealer, kicked her out. 4 days later she called asking for help because the dude beat the shit out of her and stole her car. Picked her up from a hotel, took her to the hospital, got her McDonalds, dropped her off at her parents house (2 hours away) and said good luck. 
Same for shoes.
In 10-15 years gamer dads will join the sports dads who couldve gone pro if it werent for.......
Forgiveness is the easy way out for nice people. Holding onto anger is way harder.
Depression is the most common mental illness, yet it somehow convinces everyone that they’re completely alone.
If you like to drink, you buy the 5th.  If you are an alcoholic, you buy the pint.  Why?  Because you cant trust yourself to not drink the whole 5th in one sitting...
[deleted]
Bob Ross dying saved the nation from extremely amazing paintings of deforestation, habitat loss and the effect humans have had on the natural world. Maybe if he was still here he would have shocked the world into change.
As a biologist, this is really a shitty shower thought. We know very little about cancer statistics of animals at large. There are WAY more wild mice than research mice. 
Even the babies?
Reminds me of some famous philosopher dude in France who hated the Eiffel Tower, saying it ruined the Paris sky line, and he went up there every day to write his stuff because he said its the only place in Paris where you cant see the Eiffel Tower. 
Then the camera turns on, you wake up on a horse carriage
I’ve always thought of it as looking like stubby piece of fried chicken
While on the other hand, That mobile app is $0.99? Ill pass. has probably saved me just as much.
Well, you see, you use different moves when youre fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about ... one. 
Assuming that winds will bury NASAs Opportunity probe, its possible that archaeologists might one day dig up human artifacts on Mars.
No. Getting stabbed is like getting shot at point blank range with a very slow projectile. 
r/badanalogies 
Its sold at my grocery store.
/#englishprobs/  Change one letter, it changes the whole meaning. 
And he didnt understand that quiddich was his dream, not his sons.
Its a smoothie
[deleted]
Van Gogh spent his entire life making selfies with different filters.
Maybe, but than again the other day I saw the cat that got itself stuck in a vase, and I dont think they have that kind of foresight. 
Aristotle knew the world was spherical by making a simple observation:  As you see a ship sail towards the horizon, the body of the ship disappears (vertically down) before the mast, and then the mast appears shorter and shorter until it disappears.  If the world were flat, then the whole ship would get smaller and smaller and disappear all at once into the horizon, with no downward vertical shift in your line of sight.   Its really profound, and beautiful in its simplicity  
[deleted]
Yeahhhhh my mom doesnt give a shit
I actually read dank memes. The Internet has truly ruined me. 
Ah yes, technology 
Airbus.
ITT: A list of things with reverse threading
I dont know if anyone else has experienced this, but YouTube actually plays portrait videos in fullscreen on mobile devices.
*proceeds to turn music up gradually through the journey*
Do you have kids? When I moved I found something like 16 pairs of scissors my daughter stashed around after playing hairdresser with her barbies.
Its funny this afternoon at a talk in Munich he was asked what advice he would give 20-year old Bill Gates if he had the opportunity.  After a short consideration, he said something along the lines of Probably nothing at all, I dont want to tinker with Success
Ive often thought that The Onion should write their one and only real story about fake news. 
Growers would be a discriminated class.
Records had A and B sides. They were followed by 8-tracks which had no sides. Then they went back to A &amp; B sides with cassettes. Then back to no sides with CDs.   Edit: Correction - CDs do, in fact, have sides. I have misspoken. 
Hey guys welcome back to Drunk perfect and today.... di, did you,.. did you guys know, that I love alla ya. 
Tell me about it. I didnt study at all and still got an A!  *Tries music lessons*  Why dont my fingers remember how to play this?! I studied TWO WHOLE DAYS!
I actually only needed my SSN, thank you very much.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease
I think this truth spans throughout human history.
If a vampire put a mirror in one side of a pair of glasses, they could see 360 degrees at one time.
Now he settles for a quick honk in the grocery store and runs away while they scream. 
Next step is when you finally have the money and the time, but your ability is shot.
It’s more a cautionary tale about the folly of youth. Teens don’t have perspective and they are terrible at planning and logistics.   Before he meets Juliet, Romeo is bonkers for a girl named Rosaline. The whole world is Rosaline... the sun rises because of her! Oh wait holy shit who is THAT chick?
A lot of people in the comments seem to think Snape was good all along, but the truth is that he was evil.  He protected Harry because he was in love.  If he wasnt in love with Harrys mother, Snape would have no issues doing Voldemorts bidding.  Name a single good guy thing he did that wasnt motivated by his obsession for a dead woman.  I like the character, but I do not believe he redeemed himself in the end. I believe he died a sad and complex man, sure, but not a good man.
My stalker disagrees
Unless youre the one giving birth to an elderly person. Ouch.
Maybe the grass seems greener on the other side because you’re not over there fucking it up.
So I was dead yesterday?   Why doesnt anyone ever tell me these things?!? 
The laws that we are supposed to be fully aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them. One that takes 8 years to master.
Idk - their huge mansions, servants, vast collections of priceless art, gold, fine silverware, ships etc. is far more luxurious. The average person has a TV, phone, laptop, a car... 
If only I could get muscular by being lazy. Thats how/why I grew a beard.
Huh, yeah, you can feel that son of a bitch inside your mouth instantly.
I hate the feature when I stay up too late..
This was literally posted 13 hours ago
The fact that swimming pools are required to have fire extinguishers is the ultimate example of how badly people can be expected to fuck up.
Guys this is definitely a showerthought. It is a miniature epiphany that makes something mundane really cool and interesting.  
I dont like this 
FedEx can get a can of corn from Nebraska to California faster than the human body can get it from one end to the other.
I have a question- is there an agreed upon interval for the capitals? It doesnt seem like it, but has the internet decided anything?
Thats why surgery is always the best way to go. i.e. get a lobotomy. 
no shit sherlock
300 years ago the East India Company was importing silk, porcelain and tea from China. The tea became so popular the government taxed it which caused some people to revolt. Historys a bitch.
Used to write mine inside a paper clip box that stayed beside my monitor. Who the fuck uses paper clips anymore.
But only so that you can then play more golf.
When you think about it, subways are just boring rollercoasters.
I caused my 11 year old daughter to drop her book, my 5 year old son to scream and my wife to look at me with the facial expression of WTF?, when I used my sons nearly deflated birthday balloon that was half floating in the hall as I came in from work.  Cut the bottom crimp off, emptied my lungs and huffed that fucker like it was the last drag of the last cigarette in the world.  Then I opened the living room door and simply said ^HELLO ^EVERYBODY!  Then I laughed like a freak while the kids tried to work out what was going on.  The wife just shook her head.  /edited to please /u/nathew42 and /u/aswedishfish
Ahh, accidentally leaving your Drivers License in their underwear drawer . . Weve all been there. 
Narcissus would probably be thrilled to hear that he has a flower and a psychological condition named after him.
I prefer a fine sushi
Now that Im a Dad I strongly suspect my own Dad wasnt as clumsy and bad at games as he appeared to be.
Selfish >:(
How else is he going to terrify the children? 
2016: The year all your favorite celebrities died 2017: The year all your favorite celebrities were dead to you.
No it should not or Id be months behind.
My grandpa always kept his keys above the visor, so its likely not true in his unique circumstance.  Edit: as pointed out below - still true because of 2 feet from visor to ignition every time.  
How is it a waste of time if sleep is literally what we need? That’s like saying that eating is a waste of time because we could be doing something else.
>and there will never be another video game  Well fuck, gg lads
 Always have two dogs. 
The Jedi must go through a ton of robes because theyre always stripping them off before combat and just leaving them there.
Idk any psychopaths... wait
Yep - historically and in the lesser developed world - the first Birthday is a major milestone - if you could survive that first year, chances were pretty good for you. That’s why average lifespans have historically been so low - when you have children dying in infancy that really pulls down the average.
If you wont eat the crust that means its a shitty pizza
Having sleep paralysis is like having you stop for a moment to wait for the world to load completely.
What about pickled eggs or pickled onions? 
OP doesn’t run. 
The first thing you get after obtaining a bachelors degree is a sudden lack of respect for people with bachelors degrees.
If humans were ever to prove the theory that our universe is a simulation, it would simultaneously become the moment when artificial intelligence becomes self-aware, ironically making humanity the artificial intelligence all along.
What if he ain’t Italiano? Or what if he isn’t a plumber? What if he can’t grow a natural mustache? What if he taller than Luigi? 
Soon games will advertise No DLC/Microtransactions just like food advertises No trans fats
Well, you arent not right.
Jokes about anti-vax children dying has become the socially acceptable dead baby jokes
wrong, at nose to nose distance, you can look into both eyes, with 1 each of you own.
If you are rich enough. Parking tickets are just how much it costs to park there.
For the first 8 minutes of your life the sunlight around you is older than you are
George Orwell predicted cameras watching us in our homes, but he didnt predict that we would buy and install them ourselves.
*sobs* But....b...but....
Bill Gates is like a video game character whos unlocked everything. All he can do now is self-imposed challenges like cure malaria to keep things interesting.
You never heard of butt-babies before?
Honey, Were Fucked
Somebody who is immortal could be a jack of all trades, master of all
The *fuck is this*? How much did this giant ass cake cost? How much cake do you think well eat? This was a *terrible* decision, dad.   <stripper pops out>   Dad, its *spectacular*!
A stored product that can never be retrieved
You forgot the word socially acceptable  in front of the word animal
Look at Mr. Moneybags here, buying the fancy drawstring trash bags.
Yes, yes it would
Imagine a world with no assholes. Now that would really suck.
Paper is just domesticated trees
Comedy likely predates humans as it’s found in some of our evolutionary cousins. 
Sometimes I have to unhook my birds claw from inside his nose after hes done scratching it. Does this count?
I dont litter but eat poorly and consume my weight in alcohol some weekends. 
Definitely.  It really hits home when you hear a song and try to look it up, but never find it. Its sad that I might never hear that song again. 
A robot is getting credit for a touching farewell message written by some nameless programmer whose identity we may never know.
At this rate, the winner of “Best Picture” will just be whatever movie had the fewest sex criminals associated with it.
Idk man I kinda feel that there is something wrong with my head, so no need for other people to tell me 
[deleted]
I had a similar scenario, but then my car got stolen. 
That’s a rather pessimistic view
Or the tortoise is not aware beyond its food givers changing. 
You never actually look into someone’s eyes. You’re only capable of looking into one singular eye at a time.
Generational conflict is as old as sexual reproduction, Aeschylus and Aristophanes wrote plays about it. 
Not unless you plan it
Time travel would be an awesome feature added to Google Maps.  You can view some areas a few years in the past, but imagine if we could flesh that out with a couple hundred years of photographs and even more survey data.  Well, I guess this is a feature slowly being built into it, one year at a time.
Theres even literal seasoned tea- black pepper tea for instance is a thing for some reason. 
Nearly infinite? How is that even possible.
At least not as fucked up as facebook. God forbid if you ever switch out of the app, youll lose your bearing permanently - you can never read the same article twice. It also erases stuff you were typing.
Dont read too much into it.  On my truck its just there to hide rust.  
“The Sin of Pride”
At my high school we have to show up at 7AM!!! 
In surface area viewed, youre limited to a hair above 50% of the moons surface area since the moon is tidally locked to Earth.  This is about 19 million square kilometers.  From a plane, you will be able to see around 500km in all directions. That means it only takes about 19,000 km of plane travel (1/2 of a trip around the earth) to be able to see as much area as you ever can of the moon.  If we only consider half of that since you generally dont get to see out both sides at once, then a single global circumnavigation will net you at least a half-moon viewing area.  
You know who has more descendents than Genghis Khan. Genghis Khans dad.
I never questioned my ability to correctly identify images of everyday things until CAPTCHA started gaslighting the underlying definition of things like cars, grass, or street signs leaving me still wondering if the poles are considered part of the sign or not.
Bro. Could be true.
Well, this is probably the only appreciation I have ever gotten for the specific reason 😂. Thank you 
Reality isnt real anymore
The loops would be on the inside, for a cleaner look.   The only people whod be allowed to remove or install the belt would be certified *AppleCare™* techs. 
Horns on other animals are made of keratin so it would accurately be a solidified mane. 
Boy have we got a show for you!
I can vouch for the Superman glasses disguise. I wear glasses all the time and happened to take them off right as my boss was walking by. He made an audible Whoa and he told me he didnt recognize me.   Whether that whoa meant Whoa youre good looking or Whoa youre ugly is still a mystery.  Edit: Swype  Edit 2: Whoa 
Survivorship bias at its best.
Its like in Young Sherlock Holmes when Holmes asks Watson, a bear walks a mile south, a mile west, and a mile North, and hes back where he started. What color is the bear?  And it takes Watson the whole movie to figure out the bear is white, because the north pole is the only place you can do that, so its gotta be a polar bear
Technically, porn is just videos of people at work
Before, elderly people were almost universally accepted as the wisest of society, who people sought out regularly for advice and guidance. Now, elderly people are considered out of touch with reality, and is largely scrutinized for their views on life.
The tree wouldnt get sappy about it. Tree just wants to bury the hatchet and leave it in the past.
You are trying to hard.
Beards are like glasses. Once you’ve had one on your face for a while, it looks incredibly weird when it’s gone. 
He tried getting into art school but they didnt accept him. He mostly drew buildings so they said he had a better chance of being an artichect.
8 years?
Because it dont matter if youre black or white 
Sunny D tastes more like the color orange than an orange itself.
Well I guess in the Arkham series,  Batman does hang his victims like the Predator...
Something something river?
I use Alta Vista
I will never forget the one time I waited outside a liquor store to open on a Sunday so I can buy some alcohol for a party that night. There were about 3-4 people waiting outside and started to look angry/anxious that the employee was running a few minutes late. As soon as the doors were opened Ive never seen someone go in a store and make a purchase so fast. They were almost running through the isles. Alcoholism is sad.
I think its been five to seven years since I even looked at page 2 in Google. If its not on the first page, I try to make a better search, if it still doesnt appear, to me it doesnt exist.
Someone’s therapist knows more about you than some of your friends
Wait, are you saying that chicken nuggets arent for adults?!?!?!?!?!?!
I once saw a college basketball game on TV between Bradley University and the University of Pittsburgh. The scoreboard read BRAD - PITT.  Edit: [Here it is.]( http://static.flickr.com/34/114815573_ba47b2d933.jpg)
Google earth is one of the most incredible things ever created by man but is taken for granted as if it were nothing.
Baking bread basically involves creating a rich and warm environment for a species to thrive and then initiating a mass extinction event.
But I feel like a wizard using it, so it’s worth it
After a few months of nothing bad happening, youd be swinging that object around like it was your baged lunch.
i think this may be my favorite showerthought ever.
And yet video games are actually social, while the TV binges are solo. 
Phones always gets lost when they're silent mode
When you walk through a grocery store and they are playing good music. You have become their target demographic.
Very careful stabbing
Being lonely is believing youve received a message when its just your battery at 15%
You want planet of the apes? 
Please put on sesame oil before basting yourself in the sun.  Ill salt and pepper to taste when the time comes.
Should ask your unconscious girlfriend after you woke up.
> The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed.  Also Tauriel.
Its off-putting that ( ) ( ) isnt a palindrome, yet ( ) ) ( is.
They give free beer??
The current educational system is built to produce good little factory workers.[(better ..tho still crappy...source among many)](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/05/how-to-break-free-of-our-19th-century-factory-model-education-system/256881/)  Its got to make a drastic change to do anything else.
Youre actually absorbing a virus after someone else has beaten the life out of it.
Swans are loud, territorial, violent, aggressive, terrifying, and an emblem of romantic love.
And I would have gotten away with it too, if it werent for you meddling Millennials!
It bothers me so much that there are so many songs I dont know about that I might like so much
I’ll take it a step further by saying you may die today
Being pregnant is kind of like 3D printing humans
In 5th grade, we could always hear the 6th grade teacher yelling at her students through the walls.  So when the 6th-grade teacher popped in there was always a group gasp followed by dead silence.
A tie is just a noose worn formally.
This is the #1 reason I got bluetooth earbuds, and Im never going back. 
Actually, I think placebos these days are inert cellulose.
Worldwide 60% to 95% of adults have it, quoth Wikipedia. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herpes_simplex Its often asymptomatic.
As an adult, I dont think its embarrassing, but I really hate relying on anyone else for transportation. I also generally like driving.
3G used to be the best thing going. Now, when my phones indicator says 3G, it pretty much functions like I have no signal at all.
Awwwww
The brain may have named itself, but it also recognized that it named itself and was surprised when it realized that.
Sire, the diplomat from the Hegemony of Porn has arrived.
You now become the genie. 
Yes, its so hard to meet a nice girl who is also into bmx, prank videos and properly cooking human flesh.
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
Christmas LPT: Wrap all your gifts in the bathroom. When you shout “Don’t come in here!” they’ll just assume you’re masturbating instead of wrapping their gifts. 
Carnival rides make me concerned because it’s not a permanent structure. They put them up and tear them down many times over their life span. Who knows if they replace the fasteners, one would hope they do. Personally I’ll never go on carnival rides but I’ll always take a look and check out the torque stripe, if they even have any.   I am a tech at a major theme park in Orlando so I think about these things when I see any sort of ride or attraction
[deleted]
Wait a second
Wouldnt have ever been the same height as the babys that were born smaller than he was. 
Riker definitely had the sweetest gig. Its why he never accepted promotion.
I wish wed get some 2d animated blockbuster films
Humans are entertained by watching humans pretending to be different humans.
Pre-school teachers are, by default, multi-lingual, understanding many different dialects of local language.
No, its just a pocket.
Clint Eastwood.  Sean Connery.  The Queen.  William Shatner.  Stan Lee.  May the Lord bless their long lives. 
Burger of the Day: Krabby Patty
[deleted]
Bonus points if you choke on your food, cough it up, then choke on your spit immediately afterward. ^^Ive ^^totally ^^never ^^done ^^this
Yep. Im stuck in it every day and spot familiar cars all of the time. Ive actually wondered if I get out early or late if the other cars miss me. 
Under the bed is a lot cosier
or speak italian 
The 20,000 Leagues League
Are you saying that when I fap, Im fapping what once was someone elses dick?
Nah, I have amazing dreams.
Theyre actually the good bacteria. They live in your gut and support the immune system.   Edit: this is an oversimplification so please read replies to me below. 
You spend most of your child and teen years being told how precious your youth is and not to waste it but also given very little power over how to spend your time.
Let’s not forget cryptic anal probing kidnapping operations
One day there will be a grandpa named Brayden and a grandma named Kayleigh
In reality, Farquaad wouldnt have been her true love and therefore his kiss wouldnt have awakened her. He would have still required Shreks assistance in ~~gaining~~ getting a princess stolen from him.
As I got older, I realized the point of saying something this wasnt necessarily because my parents believed it, but so I wouldnt feel encouraged to fake sick and skip school so I could play videogames or watch TV.  Edit because someone asked for clarity and some people in the comments seem not to get the point: As a parent, you are not perfect, you are not a living lie detector, and that can make your job of ensuring youre kids grow up to be happy functioning members of society harder.  One of the more important parts of this that your kids have to go to school. There are things they need to learn about our society and how to function in it, one of those lessons being that theyre going to spend most of their life having to go to the same building for eight hours a day whether they want to or not. Sure, if your kid is sick, they shouldnt go to school, just like you wouldnt go to work if you werent sick. But kids dont want to go to school, they want to stay home and play videogames, or watch TV, or read books. Because children dont understand why its so important they go to school, even when they dont want to.   Sure, you could teach them, but what if they dont understand? What so you do when they do lie? Let them stay home and do whatever they want just in case they are sick? When theyre adults that wont fly, theyll lose shifts they need to keep the lights on, maybe even get fired for calling out too often.  You need to instill these good habits in them early too, or else risk them fall into a pattern of faking sick and doing what they please whenever they please.  And remember what I said before, as a parent, youre human too. Your child can and will lie to you, and kids can be very good liars. But if they know them staying home just means being bored in a different place, maybe even more bored without friends to talk to, theyre likely to lie about being sick to get out of school less often.  Sure, if you can tell your kid is lying, you can just make them go to school. And no good parent would make them stay home sick if they know theyre telling g the truth. But a system like this isnt going to cause any lasting damage to your children, and the alternative could potentially set them up for a lifetime of failiure.
People who say an automatic transmission is a millennial anti-theft device really underestimate the number of hipsters that are millenials
Most of the adult life feels like a game you were hyped about in childhood but when released you were disappointed because the trailer was better than the actual game.
I like trees. They produce oxygen. Is this also intimate? But yeah, its also a trust thing, kinda.
Yikes
Our ~~lunch~~ company has a cafeteria. I used to eat with my coworkers but I got a promotion and now I just eat alone. It is very nice.         Edit: yes...yes I am obessed with eating, how can you tell?
As a child I had one Barbie who was a red head that I named Rose (because Titanic) and she was the queen. The rest lived in complete poverty and didn’t have any clothes while Rose wore all of the outfits. 
I think they are more concerned with the gross irresponsibility and corruption that lies behind the Olympics . People should be, and are, concerned about the Brazilian citizens but there is little they can do for them that they cant do themselves. The fact is that the country really should not be hosting the Olympics. They are unprepared. They city is bankrupt. Crime is high and is already affecting the GUESTS that they invited for the games. In addition to all this, people are worried about the possibility of a mass outbreak of Zika. Think about it this way, if your friend was having a big birthday party and some of his family had the flu, their sewage was leaking, their house was falling apart, would you still think it appropriate for them to invite everyone over?  Edit: last part
Is this some black mirror mind torture shit 
I feel that almost all are specially when they assume you have done something wrong and are looking for someone to take the blame for all their work invested to their investigation so that way they can say it was work well done, I think that is why our system is so messed up.
This deserves more upvotes.    &#x200B;  Take mine.
That was always my thought. Even if the were still alive there would be a point when they couldnt really move anymore.
Due to it almost only being populated by researchers, Antartica is technicaly the continent with the highest average IQ and education.
Maybe not potato chips.  They’d still most likely be little dry/crunchy bit easily distinguishable from mashed potatoes,
We always switch to manual breathing when we think or hear about it.
My grandma never said anything racist in the slightest, but she did smack me for saying that sucks.
Whenever I see an inspiring story of someone who goes from 600 lbs to lean and fit, I mostly think Ok, I guess I can get to 600lbs and still recover, so Im ok for now.
I like how everyone is terrified of their laptops camera on their desk and are blissfully unaware that malware on their phones is a thing.
Anyone can do anything, it’s just a matter of how well you can do it.
Actually, all citrus comes from the mandarin orange, the pummelo and the citron. Everything else is a cross breed.  
Oh shit, that gives a whole new meaning to the old “-.-“ emote/smiley I used back when. 
[deleted]
If (when skydiving) your parachute doesent open, you have the rest of your life to think about it.
Why not both? 
There was a car auction advert in the UK like this. It would be silent for the first half and then when you turn up the volume to see whats going on a huge gavel bangs out of nowhere. It recently changed to complete silence now.
I put my 3y/o daughter on to talk as oh your granddaughter wants a word (me thrusting phone at toddler quietly playing with blocks on the floor.. say hello to granny) 
Anytime someone says “Nobody’s ever said that before,” it’s at least the second time that response has been given.
Tbh raisins are rly addictive when you eat them by themselves.
You could write a popular show by releasing a cryptic, big budget, highly promoted teaser trailer and then lifting all the major plot points from fan theories on the Internet.
Pears are just fruit drumsticks.
Alexa, play last dying breath by Sabaton 
He apparently invented procrastination.
Tell Netflix this idea and theyll make it into a series.
Steaks and grapefruits must think theyre so cool. Theyre the only foods with their own dedicated utensils.
Salad brawl?
I love when he enter his job interview by climbing in the window of a high rise
This is too pure. Waiting for the inevitable rape comments to come burst this person’s bubble. 
If theyre butter pats wrapped in foil you can put them in your arm pit, they soften in a minute. Between your butt cheeks if you have a lot to soften and youve run out of room.
We never die, our matter only is recycled
No matter what kind of abacus i am using, I always smack the beads to the sides a couple times. You know, just in case theyre still representing numbers I cant see  Also, if you do the number 21202120 on a Chinese abacus, it looks like a pair of bosoms 
Every plate of tacos is just a few punches away from becoming a plate of nachos.
Herpes infected people like to play it off as though the virus is no big deal while those without it are (rightly) terrified to get it.
“Evolution timeline of *human*” U-huh. Nice one.
My dad once told me about sitting around out in front of a store in the midwest as a kid, talking to guys who had fought in the Civil War.  Those guys could remember talking to guys who had fought in the American Revolution.
Tickling prisoners for information during interrogations would be a lot less frowned upon than the standard torture methods
Video cards are harder to eat when they get cold
Me: be fully charged stands up falls on floor 0% once again
Yep, fucked up 
Fun fact: spicy isnt one of the 5 main flavors (salty, sweet, sour, bitter, umami) because it utilizes pain (TRPV) receptors to communicate to the brain
Real shower thought: if the dairy and meat industry werent all as cruel as footage shows (as they claim), why dont they just livestream their process from birth to slaughter? And why do they pay lawmakers so much to stop others from releasing videos of it? (See ag-gag laws) 
Time existed before humans. 
Hm. Thats... fucking true.
As an adult, being gifted a few pairs of socks isnt just being gifted a few pairs of socks, its being gifted with not having to go to the store to purchase a few pairs of socks in the near future.
There are even knives that are banned by the Geneva convention because they are too gruesome at a gunfight.
Just rewatched Incredibles 2 the other day and it massively fucked my head up when Dash is watching the cartoon Johnny Quest
Top 500 Joes, anyone?
Youre assuming they even *believe* in meteorites....
I personally somersault across flat terrain in real life because its faster than running.
Its like always clicking these [bad boys](http://i.imgur.com/uYTWjOc.jpg) together to test them out.
I knew
I can help you find other ways..
Game cant be paused? I DONT BELIEVE YOU!!!   *rips all cords out of console*  Ladies and gents, my mom. ^
What would the other way around be then?
And then you slowly realize how much you like it because it tastes exactly like saving money,
Lips share an uncanny resemblance to butt holes
Awaken my masters
Youre dammed optimistic if you think the rest of the family will put those groceries away.
Build a man a fire and he is warm for a night.  Set a man on fire and he is warm for the rest of his life.
The people that claim to be more intelligent because of their race are usually the most stupid.
Or about autosaves that are set just before a cut scene instead of just after and you have to watch it all over again.
Yeah, WTF!
This sounds like something youd try telling HR.
Wasnt there a minor event like that in Mass Effect? Sometimes in late 21st century some eccentric billionaire had a cryoship built and sent to Alpha Centauri at sublight speed. By the time the colony was rediscovered, humanity was a full fledged member of a galactic civilisation made of a dozen species, with easy to Access FTL.
And with ammo that flies straight when you shoot it. I never got into paintball enough to buy my own gun, but it was always a pain using the field guns. The paintballs would always fly like someone threw a knuckleball. 
Trying to convince my wife to partake in some anal in celebration. Wish me luck. 
Jesus Christ you must have some rough showers
The fact that Romeo and Juliet’s love is so idealised shows how few people have read the play.
Can you imagine the product reviews?
Jokes on you, I dont have two groups of friends...
How high are you? Lol
I found this picture of my great aunt in 2016, its her 85th birthday and I was wondering if anyone can remove the phone from her hand and get rid of the stains on the mirror and clear out the piles of clothes and garbage in the shot?
Change your setting to hide up/down voted posts. Youll make it to the new section after an hour of surfing and refreshing.   People keep asking. On my phone app, go to settings, go to reddit web preferences and click the two boxes for hide up and hide down voted post. It will not transfer to your computer. I only browse on my potato phone. Im not sure if their actual site has this option. If it does please let me know. Also, if you go down this road be prepared to essentially up vote everything unless the post is absolute garbage. I browse r/all and because of this I am a generous god. 
If Adam and Eve got into a fight, it would be a world war.
Nah dude the absence of love is indifference. Hate is just as strong an emotion as love 
r/thefridgelight likes the way you think but you have yet to “see the light”
Nah from the bathroom tap is better 
Wow
Cant you lose by chickening out and refusing to pull when its your turn?
If you spill paint on your lawn, you can watch paint dry and grass grow at the same time.
Earlier People lol. There was no social media when I was a kid, and Im only 32. Earlier People sounds like youre discussing my childhood diary like its an Etruscan spear tip. 
Curiously enough, Rio de Janeiro is laid out the way it is because of a similar process. Way back in the colonial days, before cars and elevators, rich people didnt want to live in the hills because it was a hassle. So over time, escaped and freed slaves, and the general poor, started establishing communities there, and thats how most of the favelas started. Its so common that in Rio the portuguese word for hill (morro) is synonymous with favela. So you have this situation where otherwise prime real estate, Hills with beautiful vistas facing the ocean, are occupied by favelas, right next to some of the most expensive real estate in Latin America.
I wish we could have a bot which disallows you to submit if 80% of your words in that order match another existing post on the subreddit.  Then we wouldnt have lots of reposts.
This is actually considered a good thing in marketing. Most common with fast food, but also employed by banks and pharmacies 
Ok so I went to a political fundraiser at some guys 26k sq/ft custom mansion thing and this one dude was sooo out of place in his shabby tshirt and high socks and sneakers. I told my gf he is probably loaded. Later that night I found out he is worth in the neighborhood of 500m$. Perfect stereotype lol
I dont think Dennys is sophisticated...
Or is syrup tree honey
Or a tape dispenser in the arm rest to tape the mouths shut of those who talk incessantly. 
Stuff the office with it, but nowhere you could expect two people to ever be at the same time
Does the umm between every number count?
If youve been blind and regain your sight when its dark, you wont realize youve regained your sight.
I reckon the first one must have been done with an actual door. Some funny bastard and his mate had the biggest laugh they’ve ever had in their lives, started an in joke and then it spread. 
r/technicallythetruth
Claiming to have been hacked is this centurys version of the dog ate my homework.
if plants give us oxygen, then aren’t plants really the ones farming us, feeding us their food(oxygen) until we eventually die and are put into the ground, which they then consume.
Don’t tell this to people, this was my get rich eventually scheme.    Joking, but for real if you actively search for coins on the ground you can find a few dollars if not more.  Go out one day in a city and try looking for coins.  You will find them and you will find a lot.  
Then if you love your caretaker, are you a tender lover? 
Earth is a dinosaur planet, and humans are just mutants left over after the apocalypse.
Dude, HORRIFIC VILLAINS are critically appreciated in movies too. Inglorious Basterds, Silence of the Lambs, No Country for Old Men... I could go on.  Almost all movies simply dont relate to real life that well.
Similarly birthdays and weddings feel like [you] episodes.  I always feel slightly apologetic to anyone watching, because its one of mine.
Wait, 11 babies have been born in Antarctica? TIL
If we lose one sock in the wash we get annoyed, but if we lost two socks we would never know.
Following the phrase Im done!...
Somali space program 
What’s probably more terrifying is the reason why she did it...
Why is the snooze 9min instead of 10? Always bugged me
Falling asleep is like trying to catch the sleep train. If you miss it, you will have to wait around, awake, until the next one departs.
Or you just look like an idiot.  
But your heart says no.
 As the tech gets better, the fraud detection tech will also get better. 
Especially if those humans are pretending to be a Wizard, 4 Hobbits, 2 Men, an Elf and a Dwarf.
If I had six fingers, I’d spend my life waiting for a random stranger to get hit on the head while I was around so I could rush up and frantically ask “Are you ok?? How many fingers am I holding up???”  Edit: My First gold?!
Pets are the 1% of animals.
I bet he said it as he was slaying those women and children.
Dinos.
If you’re 25 and single in 2018 your mother never stops asking when you’ll get a girlfriend because she sees all of her friends becoming grandparents and she wants to be one too 
Thanks to denial I’m immortal 
I dont think prolific is the correct word here
[deleted]
Couldnt agree more. It brought people together in a very unique way.
Drax should be that one guy. 
And the moon is the creepy friend who only comes out occasionally during the day and spends the rest of his time hiding in the shadows at the edge of the crowd.
When you see a suspicious person, technically, you are the suspicious person
Thats the [Dunning Kruger effect](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning–Kruger_effect).
*Banjo music starts playing*
[Police officers sled down a snow covered road](https://www.msn.com/en-gb/news/video/norwegian-police-officers-sled-down-snow-covered-road/vi-BBTCFus) 
Also where a drone passes overhead the crowd cheers and ooohs instead of hitting the deck.
Great, now I have to pay proper respect every time I throw one into a body of water
You can buy a bluetooth OBD.
For every lottery winner there are thousands of people who were one or two digits off
If you punch yourself and it hurts, are you too strong or too weak
From Snow Whites perspective the old peddler woman was totally legit. She gave her an apple and told her to make a wish. Next thing she knows, the Prince is there to take her away and she is surrounded by her friends rejoicing.
Like I was Like I don’t know Like Uhhhh 
Idk but salsa is def fruit salad
Depends if you blend your spaghetti  
How do you do that? 
Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos
When I applied for the management position of my program several of my peers made unsolicited statements to our director that I should be given the job. I wasnt told about it until the day i was hired. Truly one of the best compliments Ive ever gotten. 
[deleted]
Gross. Thank God I’m illiterate. 
Air travel has definitely become more greyhound 
Car scenes in action movies will become a lot less impressive once automated car use becomes widespread
Its even pretty acceptable to talk about your massive drug binges and the harmful effects as long that drug is alcohol.
Not giving a shit is continuing to wear that sock anyway.
wont there be billions?
[deleted]
Its true tho 
What if youre working your dream job?   What if your salary allows you to pursue your dreams? 
I have a strong feeling that they are having more fun with those sweet billions now. 
[deleted]
Yes, thank you
A prison is the ultimate escape room
Thats actually part of a Cyanide and Happiness episode. Season 2 episode 8, I think. 
have they ever made a how its made of how its made?
I have Shazamed in the grocery store. 
r/theydidthemath
The difference is humans taste good
Oh my god!  That’s so...  cool!
Your perception is accurate. When your phone says 3G now you pretty much *do* have no signal at all. Almost every 3G (i.e. EV-DO or UMTS) base station has been upgraded to LTE, but theyre still backward compatible with the older 3G and even 2G/2.5G standards to accommodate older phones or weaker signals.  See, high speed data services like LTE require strong signals to work well so the high speed signal can be received clearly. The more speed you want, the stronger the signal you have to have (to a point). When you see the 3G indicator on your phone, thats usually because youre *just* far enough away from a tower that it cant get a clear LTE signal, so its dropped back to the older standard to remain connected, except dropping back to 3G doesnt give you that much more range.  **TL;DR:** When your phone says 3G, it usually means its just barely hanging on to the signal.  The other problem is that at least on Sprint/Android, Sprint has some sort of shady back room deal with Google or the phone manufacturers to show the 3G indicator when youre actually on 2G. You can see this by downloading the SignalCheck app and opening it when your phone says 3G. If SignalCheck reports youre on 1xRTT and not EV-DO, that actually means youre on 2G and Android is lying. I dont know how Sprint convinced phone manufacturers or Google to go along with this shit or if any other carriers are pulling the same shenanigans.
Did not know it was a thing, I played one game during February.  Honestly I dont count since I rarely play games.
Anyone wanna race? 
No its because idk whats in the dark
Its a good thing most windows in Gotham dont have metal rails, otherwise Batman wouldnt be half as dramatic
[deleted]
Its been a long time since I watched a movie on beta...dodnt they have those issues too?
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Explain
Breath is just the body’s exhaust fumes
Found Thanos
If you put a ton of cologne/perfume on yourself, you are just screaming to everyone that you stink.
Same with medications
Apparently, a lemon is not naturally occurring and is a hybrid developed by cross breeding a bitter orange and a citron. Life never gave us lemons; we invented them all by ourselves.
Whats worse is knowing a better way to do it, but not knowing how to implement your idea
Ive always wanted them to make a Batman movie thats filmed like a horror movie. Tell it from the point of view of some criminals and you only ever get brief glimpses of Batman.
Opens body... **ITS NOT PITCH BLACK DARK**
Out of everything, and you were thinking about spiders.
Well its probably partly because people travelling to the past usually know whats going to happen but present day peeps have no way of knowing whats going to happen next  Edit: Well this doubled my karma
Maybe there was a Children of Men-type virus that wiped out 99% of the human population a generation or two prior, and the remaining few humans are operating in an economy with a huge demand for labor?
Title of the worlds worst childrens picture book. 
I like your optimism, we need more of that
This is true, if not used in a while, the top one turns crusty 
Absolutely no. 
It depends on the woman youre marrying.  My fiance and her mother were going to go shopping for her wedding dress and I was bored so I went with them.  While they were served tea and shown these exorbitantly expensive dresses, I was wandering the clearance corner.  Mostly to enjoy the hideous bridesmaid dresses (OMG, what some women do to their friends).  And then I saw it.  An old fashioned white satin dress, beaded bodice, the kind of sleeves my lady wanted and everything.  I pull it out, show it to her and her mother, we examined it for staining (why is this 75% off?) and its perfect.  Bought it.  Had an open bar for our small wedding.
If everybody you meet is a friendly and nice person, its probably because you are
How did we all miss this blatant conflict of interest
Even worse, youre also mocking their illiteracy.   
Disney will probably someday own more than the British Empire did.
We live in boxes made from tree bones held together by rock blood
or even overlook 
damn, lots of people picking at ops wording, I like it op, seems like a lot of upvotes too, sorry the comments are all you are wrong right now, hope you have a good day
Eh, Id say bearing up Nazis should he the standard.
Sheet music is just cute little *notes* for your instruments 
No. Waffles are superior and crispier. Much disrespect.
What if humans inhabit mars and for some time they don’t remember about opportunity, how do you think they’ll react
I recognize him for what he truly is: a prophet from the great Flying Spaghetti Monster.  
Or the Oregon Trail. They could even make a text adventure game of it.  “You have died of disk failure.”
A very rare funeral - where people showing up in colorful costumes might actually be the more respectful thing to do.
I think technically it began with Earendil flying his ship into the sky based off a Finnish poem but the published works begin with a hole in the ground. 😊
I check on my keyboard to see the distance between E and R
Its a really scary thing to think about thought without sound.  Maybe thinking in a language is only a way of talking or explaining to yourself. 
Like saying the shortest human in the world is the closest mankind will come to being the height of an ant. No shit.
Especially cold water.  Bonus points for cold orange juice.   Bonus bonus points for orange juice ice cubes.
I like to think Spotify/Pandora will give then that feeling
I read draw as in drawing and was like wow, give them some time to improve their skills dude, but then I got it
Air freshener actually makes the air less fresh.
Edison is that one guy in class who says your joke a little bit louder and gets all of the laughs.
The world is made up of decomposed dead things.
Its kind of an understatement because if youre on certain heart meds and take viagra itll literally kill you. Its kind of a big deal too because guys on viagra will lie to their family doc about being on it because they dont want their wives to find out/theyre embarrassed, and they wont tell the doc they went to for viagra that theyre on heart medication because theyre embarrassed and dont realize the side effect can be death. 
Once you start reposting you never stop reposting there’s just a longer interval between reposts.
Much like a car, things start falling apart just as soon as the coverage is up.
Wow, this was an epic thought in 1950.
If that’s the case, then Lizards must be muggle midgets
I want to know what the repercussions of this would have been!
NCAA 11 is kind of great for this reason: 1-button mode.    My 4-year-old loves it because the A button does everything *and* he can play as the mascots. Hell play against the computer for as long as Ill let him.
I live 12 hours ahead of my parents, and I often greet them with “hello from the future.”
And surprisingly they are both built almost the same way
Humidity + cold + windy = litterally hell freezing over.
And also, upon recognizing and being surprised that it named itself, it found that fact mildly interesting as a shower thought and decided to reply.
What if squirrels are purgatory? We die and we have to live a day as a squirrel before reincarnation. Most are terrified, they think its permanent. 
Most dogs will not live long enough to legally drive.
Youll never take me ALIVE! Exit left
When you read a book, youre essentially listening to an audio book narrated by yourself.
how so?
Trick shot videos should always begin by the performer drinking an entire beer to prove it isn’t their 468th attempt and chancing a win
I have a rich boy TI-84 so I dont have to do this nonsense
The placebo effect is thought by some to be the instinctive reaction to I have received treatment.
Nothing better than the grimace look on my face watching the line of ants take back death to their entire colony
Like on the weekends? 
And instead of 1999s the mummy they will make 4789s the malware. But instead of Brendan Faser therel be some computer geek. And instead of scarab bugs there will be.. Bugs. And instead of some mythical bracelet in the sequel there will be Galaxy note 7.
You were supposed to destroy Scar, not join him!
Someone needs to send this to r/writingprompts 
And as an adult, I can’t wait to purposely embarrass my kid
i would say “efficient” actually 
Im doing it now
Now that I think about it, it is quite weird. And does anyone really care about the babys height/weight aside from its parents and the doctor? 
In 160 years or less, the entire human population will consist of entirely different people from that of todays.
But your mom is gay implies she is also bad at finding true love
Movie theatre popcorn  Uh..$25,000.   Correct. 
>give you attention sometimes.  *Sometimes?* Found the cat owner.  &#x200B;
Each different model has only one hole, so you have to upgrade if you lose/gain weight.   Oh and they become obsolete each year, so you cant just buy a variety of sizes all at once.
Dont tell them that, theyll be crushed. 
Tony Starks suit is revolutionary and can be used for space and deep sea exploration, but instead he keeps it on hold for when he needs to hang out with his friends.
A band-aid is just a synthetic scab
Daddy, why r u calling some guy a no-good n-word who should die?
Only ordered once. I actually thought it would be like a regular wing, but boneless and definitely not breaded.
The clock repeats itself but time does not.
I know a gorgeous lady whose identical twin got breast enlargements. My friend used the money to get her eyesight fixed instead. They are both happy with their choices.
That and sports bras tie everything down so it doesnt hurt as much to run
Finally an answer to the dark matter problem! Quick phone Stephen Hawking....shit!
Multiplayer video games that require you to play with a friend are brutal reminders that you have no friends
I assure you its worse if you have no sense of smell 
Honey will only be completely resistant to spoilage in an airtight container. If exposed to the air it wont necessarily get unsafe to eat but the taste can get kind of icky.
Not 100%,  I dont speak my native language with very much profanity, but I find I use a lot of profanity in my second language because my vocabulary isnt as large as Id like and I use it as a crutch.  It also doesnt help that swearing in another language doesnt really feel like swearing to me, so I use it in inappropriate situations where other adjectives would work much better. 
Good analogy, but dont say that ever again.
“OH LOOK A FLYING SHIP FULL OF ALIENS” *lemme grab my worst possible camera*
Even our fantastic brains can have their duh moments. One of those moments is called threshold amnesia.  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-walking-through-doorway-makes-you-forget/
A mirage in the desert is natures way of encouraging you to keep going.
I just want them to finally let Link and Zelda be together.   Im more invested in their relationship than any of mine at this point.    (A preemptive fuckin relax, of course im kidding for those who take shit too seriously)     idk if that would take away from the story at all, but considering every game is a new incarnation of everyone, I think they could get away with it at least once. 
Unless youre Mormon, apparently 
Every time I find a new favorite song and eagerly check out the artist/band for more, it turns out thats the one song thats different from the whole rest of their career
Fun Fact:  If youre looking to stream stuff for free, Bing is much less responsive to DMCA requests than google is and a better search engine in that regard.
New Hawaii 5-0 has a scene with this, someone tells someone else to Bing it instead if google it. Yeah, immersion breaker, felt awkward watching it.
Incognito mode may have never been invented if it werent for internet porn.
*shudders*
Teachers putting tests the day before a school break are like students handing in their assignments at the last minute
Difference is the diaries were honest and only for themselves and what people post online are the watered down edited version of their life and their thoughts that they want people to see.  Why dont you like my pictures and observations???  Give me attention and praise but dont judge me!!
Fu imma die in a swamp then!
The first person to ever steal another persons work was original.
99% of them would be named Hobbes
Random girl: choo  Everyone: Bless you  ME: \*NUCLEAR EXPLOSION\*  Everyone: THE FUCK  &#x200B;
Replying k in morse -.-, has the same passive aggressive tone
Games that we say have beautiful graphics will have remastered versions that look even better in the future
this scares the shit outta me
As a machinist I can tell you that the world is very stupid and we get a lot of jobs who refuse to conform to that standard.   Edit: Holy shit, where did everyone come from?
Please use the Dark Lords full name.  Elongated Musket.
Thats why when I find myself accidentally making eye contact with a girl I yell Youre not attractive! so she knows Im not checking her out.
All it will take is a major solar flare in our direction and itll be back in our heads again.     Then what.
No. The best thing to site is a video in which he traverses a crevice in the rock, only for his cameraman to step back and reveal that not only is this crevice small, it was right NEXT to a road that he could have taken instead.
My dog understand several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
Im convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources.
And this clearly demonstrates that its not the number of moving parts that give rise to complexity.
Next generation will launch without airlocks and all current means of communication have to be upgraded at double price.
To be fair, if it was a bird it’d be a very colorful bird the size of a large man flying very fast without flapping its wings over a city.  That’s something. 
Holy shit you’re right. 
Myth nut busters
Fuck the AI scum.
No matter how legitimately thrilled I am by a gift, I always feel like my thank yous dont sound genuine
Nice.
The only logical step is for them to become a 100% factual and unbiased news source 
A different version of you exists in the minds of everyone who knows you.
Hmm. We use k in my family as okay but I dont have much time to type right now but hey, okay to whatever you just said.  O---kay then is kind of sarcastic.    Did yall know that kids whine in sign language, and its just as irritating as the verbal whining?  Mommmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyy
Make like a tree and get out of here 
A friend of mine got breast milk vomited into his mouth when he was laying down playing baby airplane with my son - thats my only contribution here. It was hilarious.
To prove this:  /r/TheOnion+nottheonion 
No way, Im trying to fap at night I dont need the godamned screen to fry my eyeballs. Put on some makeup or something damn.
When dating, guys are pumped when the woman wants to pay half. In divorce, guys are really pissed they have to give half.
what if one of them or both is wearing a butt plug!?
youve been part of series of events that led to someones death. someone probably you never knew
Yep, and I use my last 4 or 5 bites of each to decide what its going to be
You just have to mumble rap it,“doubleudoubleudoubleu”  Wait, rap it autocorrected to rapist? Sorry I’m on mobile have a nice day 👍🏾 
The average car in space is nicer than the average car on Earth
More like Stalins
That escalated so fast
Humans are made mostly of water which makes us just needlessly complicated water balloons.
Its not fair because my neighbor is retired so he has literally nothing else to do but make his yard look amazing
Would it be romantic to give them deodorant? 
But Han is constantly giving Chewie orders.  So Chewies really more of a cat person.
Instead of writing it on a toilet stall, post it on your Facebook wall...
Thinking of a cool custom lisence plate is like having a physical gamertag
If you grow watermelons and cucumbers in the same garden, their root systems will merge, and the cucumbers come out semi-sweet, and the watermelons come out tasting like cucumber.
The first knock-knock joke was probably told at a real door
I tend to find that the more enthusiastically someone tells me something, the less likely they are to really mean it. Im not very good in emergency situations.
Dont care, id still take it. Id be making $60/hr *to sleep* for part of the day...
My wife and I mostly funded our own wedding. Her parents were largely unhelpful and mine could only help so much. I went with her to dress shop with a very close friend. I figured if I was paying for the dress Id like to see it more than once, and I thoroughly enjoyed every second of it. The way her face lit up when she found the dress and turned to me to make eye contact was worth absolutely every penny and second spent with her that day. 
Depends on what’s in the universe. Could be completely empty for all we know.
Hed also be more than just old by now. 
[deleted]
I especially like it when that offers comes after twenty minutes of them insisting that there is no way that they could lower the rate that they just raised without notice.
So then the deep ocean to them would have been like the amazon was to us (before satellite imaging)?
No it’s your minds escape plan.... it says fuck it I’m out!   Just leaving your body to deal with it lol
Its because most jobs dont send you home with 2+ hours of homework.
I once hiked for three days into a very remote place. There was a geodetic survey marker set in concrete.    Holy Shit!  Somebody else came up here and he brought a bag of concrete!
The world is not ready for this knowledge. 
Or when you unhook your cats claw from whatever they got it stuck in this time.
In some universe, you are probably the scariest creature to ever exist.
I always stripped to my underwear before a fight if I had time.  It provides 3 major advantages.  They think you’re crazy, they would prefer not to touch you, and it’s hard to get a grip on you.  Always get naked.
Goats have a reputation for being assholes, but when you consider how throughout history people have sacrificed them and used them in other ways ... well, maybe its deserved.
Explain
Get yourself a CB radio and say hi to all the truckers.
Well didnt Donkey end up with a Dragon?
...only without a zipper so stuff in it will fall out. 
To me, the worst thing about being the bigger man isnt that the other person thinks they are right, but to others it can legitimize the bad behavior of that person. 
Thank God I was notified of this.
I always took it as a way for people to say that owning a pet is also big responsibility.  Theres no comparison between a pet and a child, but you shouldnt neglect either.
Not for me
Morning wood and morning logs are very different things.
A ring is just the discarded crust of a circle.
Well horse gestation is aproximately a year long, so technically the human part would be developed to slightly more than a 4 or 5 month old child (possibly more developed due to gestation speeding up development), which would be able to moderately support its own head.  But then again its centuars so their gestation could be 2 years long to solve the issue altogether   ***Edit*** The reason humans are born floppy with unfused skulls is because as we evolved to stand full time, our pelvises and spines changed and as a result humans are not actually developing to our full gestation as babies heads would then be too large and fixed to exit the womb!  ***Edit 2*** For those interested in centuar anatomy there was an interesting conversation on twitter you can read here: http://www.dorkly.com/post/86896/centaur-med  ***Edit 3*** Thank you for silver kind person!!!.... (or centuar)
Fun fact: During heart surgery, they will actually stop the heart (depending on the type of surgery). So... The engine isnt necessarily running during the entire thing. They hook the patient up to something we call the heart-lung machine which basically acts as the heart and lungs when we stop the heart. The heart can actually be stopped for a considerably long time. The heart lung machine takes incoming blood and diverts it away from the heart. it then takes the blood, reoxygenates it, and sends it back out to the systemic circulation.
Not only do I have conversations that confuse other people. About 90% of the time, I get confused in the middle of my own sentence.
If you slap Dwayne Johnson’s butt, you’ve officially hit Rock bottom.
Thats so true! My youngest son had this long Christmas wishlist with extravagant gifts, none of which were under $200. When I told him theres no possible way we could afford that he asked why not since were so rich. Then when I explained to him how much I make versus the bills I need to pay he told me to just find a better job. Yeah ok, Jack. The only reason why Im not a millionaire is because I cant figure out how to email my resume. 
I went to a black strip club one time. There was a girl with a flashlight thing in her pussy. When she was on stage it would blind me. I fell in love.  Edit: Her name was Starlight.   Edit2: I love Goooollllddd!
only peeing is the real dream come true
imagine the cookies
this post is literally like a parrot. First, someone made it, then a parrot said it, then another parrot said it, then a third parrot said it, and it continued until it was this parrots turn to say it
Me: Steals and destroys other peoples cars and bikes.  Also me: Chases a thief three miles to return an old lady her 200$
Having a yawn interrupted is really unsatisfying
He hates racism, thats what. 
I should have been born hundreds of years in the future.  *crosses fingers for Jetsons instead of Mad Max*
If car drivers were connected by voicechat if would probably be even way more toxic than voicechats in online games.
And pans are just big spoons. 
Well apparently fanny is british slang for female genitalia, so I guess its even more applicable there. 
Macs Famous Mac and Cheese
Im not really scared of dying, Im more bummed about all of the technology Ill never get to see.
People in movies almost never have to adjust the drivers seat in a newly purchased or stolen vehicle.
Musicians fading their songs instead of coming up with an actual ending is like writing an essay using progressively smaller fonts instead of coming up with a conclusion.
I use a Kindle. (Tends to bend the spine a bit though).
Its a positive experience for the friends who enjoy the mild torture for the birthday haver. Their sick enjoyment will keep this tradition alive and kicking for generations to come. 
Let the Hunger Games begin
If everything we do that gives up dopamine was for the survival of our ancestors, then our hunter gatherer ancestors were constantly happy.
Am I the only one who has no dream job? No matter what, doing the same thing week in and week or is bound to get boring after a while.
We grew up poor in the 70s, dad was a teacher mom stayed at home to raise us. We lived in the lower income area of a town in New England that was prominently wealthy and went to the same school as the upper class kids. So anyway my dad was well liked and banged nails during the summer to supplement the household income.   The story goes that one summer when I was just a year old he bid on and won a job putting in a Florida room (home addition where the 3 walls were glass) on one of the rich peoples homes. During the construction the owner would talk to my dad and started to like him as my dad would tell jokes and treated him as part of the crew, throwing him a can of beer at end of day, stuff like that.  Long story short the guy finds out that my dad is doing this work 14 hours a day to bring home money to pay bills, buy food, etc because back in the day a teacher made less than dirt for a paycheck. The guy listened, the job finished just in time for school to start, dad got paid and off he went to go back teaching.  Fast forward to a few weeks before Christmas, dad gets a call from the guy, he tells dad that there is a serious problem with the Florida room and he needs to come by quick. Dad goes.  Guy was bs ing dad to get him to the house, guy tells him everyone loves the Florida room and that he has a few things for dad. Guy gives dad a trunk full of just released, high end toys to give to us kids for Christmas (we were going to get the usual - socks underwear, jeans) and not only that he tells dad hes lined up for work for dad next summer at the guys friends house.  Dad was thankful but didnt want to take them, pride and didnt want guy to spend money for this. Guy says I didnt tell you but Im an executive at (publicly traded toy company) and these toys are part of a testing program, and will be discarded. Guy just wants to make sure that his companys toys would be enjoyed and appreciated because its got to a point with guys kids that the dont appreciate this special stuff any more. Dad was finally cool with it and took them home and we had a mega Christmas.  And this happened every year until we were too old for toys. So even though we were poor as kids wearing hand me down shoes and homemade clothing , me and my sisters knew Christmas would rock. We knew that there was no possible way it was mom and dad because the spread under the tree was amazing every year.  The only plausible reason was that Santa was real.  And we were convinced.
Doing something stupid while drunk or high is like an IRL misclick.
shut up you fucking 𓀉𓃘𓆡𓉡𓏶𓎅𓇵𓀊
[deleted]
And then quit that job to become every other job over time. 
What were the rules again?  * Be attractive * Dont be unattractive
I forget where I was, but the wait staff came to the table, started clapping, and sang, Happy happy birthday, our birthday song is short! and then just walked away.
If you look after a goldfish properly it will live a very long life. Better off getting a hamster or something similar if you want it to die in a couple of years.
So, like, the Zora?
If you say who is the world health organisation, you are both asking and answering a question
Explain please
One thing I try to do is to be specific with my gratitude. For example, I received a set of salt and pepper grinders from a relative for Christmas, so I sent him a picture of my grubby old ones and told him how much of an improvement the new ones were.
We took 2 other apex predators and made them our pets.
“So Jim your quarterlies are looking very good this year, how are things going over at the library?”  “Oh I told you, I couldn’t close it-“  “So you have come to the master for guidance, is that what you are saying grasshopper?”  “-Actually you called me in here”
My dick always tries to argue my brain on that point
Well that would be childporn so...
C-3PO is fluent in over 6 million languages, but due to the design of his arms hell never be able to do sign language.
[The Henchman]( https://youtu.be/HTeLSYipOK4) is a skit from that idea basicly.
Cant disagree or agree with the other two points but you are all loved? How do you know? And why bring external validation into it?   I mean... I felt depressed until someone I dont know posted something generic on Reddit telling me Im loved, now Im over the moon!  Get rid of that bit :P
Nah, Im just lazy.
The world seemed like a much better place around the time PokémonGo came out, I miss that.
Watching movies on your phone is like observing another universe through a tiny window.
We instinctively open crisp\chip packets the right way around.
I swear to god most of the haunted houses in history have just been due to fridges. They make the most god damn frightening clicks, crocks and knocks when you least expect.   Just go listen to your fridge late at night and try to tell me it doesnt sound like a thousand motherfucking lost souls quietly screaming your name. 
The hardest thing to believe about Batman is that not 1 distant relative tried claiming him in order to inherit the Wayne fortune.
People say, tattoos are for life. In reality they are likely to last even longer.
Here, nature,  leave all the hair just how it is, just make it grow slower 👌👍👍
Alphabetical order is really just a random order that we all agree is in order
This happened to me the other day at a stoplight. I looked over, a split second later, the girl looked over and made eye contact. She immediately smiled and waved, then the girl driving also looked over, smiled and waved. Actually made my day lol
Your fingers are just small arms attached to your arm!
He’s currently filming a movie with Brad Pitt and Quentin Tarantino.
If I see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page I know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24 hours
Best advice I can give is to tell people WHY youre grateful.  If you asked for cash you could say thank you so much, this will go a long way to help me afford X  Or thank you for the sweater, I have the perfect shirt combo to wear it with 
What if you could connect to a tree through your belly button and become its fruit
Chance the rapper addressed this a couple years ago in a song  They aint teaching taxes in school, it dont even matter I was actin a fool
Unvaccinated children are just organic humans with a shorter shelf life.
Meanwhile your phone is still charging through the cigarette lighter...
Your future self is an entirely different person, to whom you have a moral obligation to not harm with poor decisions
A dog nuzzling his way under your hand or arm is the equivalent of a human tapping you on the shoulder for your attention.
-.-
As humans were evolving, the first one to develop a sense of humor must have faced a REALLY tough crowd.
*you’re
Commercial airline pilots are the bus drivers of the sky
Almost every kid knew the trophy was pointless because they saw every kid get a trophy.  There is an equivalent for adults.  Its when you take a stupid seminar or class required by your company.  Many of them hand out certificates.  You see the people running the course trying to act like its a big deal.  Some you can see a part of them dying on the inside while others dont care.  They hand them out and leave.  
r/technicallythetruth
Just like the estimated time of arrival on GPS might as well say, I bet you cant get there faster than this.
420 is the smallest number evenly divisible by 2,3,4,5,6 and 7; but you cant easily divide it into 8ths.
[Auctioneers](https://youtu.be/DzBvBFBhpjk?t=7) would rule this world 
One thing no one thinks of: every bit if water you drink has been through a dinosaurs penis at one point in time
Yep, just did it while I was wrapping my dad’s gift (a cheap drone) in the shape of a ten gallon hat. I put so much work into that and if he walked in I might’ve just started masturbating to avert his attention.
Dipping raw grapes in peanut butter tastes like a PB&J (grape jelly).
Fried chicken is just one form of chicken, bathed in the unborn fetuses of it’s children and deep fried. Edit: I am aware eggs are not unborn fetuses. It just sounds a lot more appetizing to say it that way.
Blinking takes 350ms. You on average blink 18 times per minute. The probability that you and someone else blink at the same time within a minute is, therefore, about 18/171 or 10.5%  However adding people reduces this probability quite a lot. For just 100 people at the same time at some point since the beginning of time is about 1 in 10^2215 which is a stupidly big number. For some perspective, the number of atoms in the universe is 10^80.  So basically, what Im saying is, that this hasnt happened.  Even if there were some universes, each a trillion times bigger than ours, for every particle in a number of universes that is equivalent to how many atoms there are in our universe, your probability of this happening would still be an A4 page of 0.0000...00001%. And thats only 100 people. Sorry :(    ***Edits***: NB: I worked this out assuming everything is divided up into 350ms, and did not take into account smaller bits of time because that was significantly more effort. NBB: Since the chances are 10.5% for each added person, it is reasonable to say that every extra person reduces the probablity by a factor of 10, approximately. Another NB: If you are religious then yes, when there were only 2 people at once then the probability would be smaller, and I am altogether assuming in the calculations that there has only been 100 humans alive throughout all of time. ***This is not a perfect model*** and it assumes everyone is not asleep or something. =] You can DM me if you want to know the exact steps or thoughts behind any of this.  ***Method***: The way I did this was fairly simple. Alright so, I made it a whole lot simpler by breaking all of time into groups of 350 milliseconds, without accounting overlap, and though this does change results and that, the amount it skews my results by decreases with each added person, since overlap is less likely, i.e. the average would have to be closer to the original 350ms blink.  So, if someone blinks 18 times in a minute, then that makes (18*0.350)/60 the probability that someone else blinks at the same time as you.  Then, for every added person, this probability has to happen again, so you multiply it by this fraction again.  And then, you need to go over a period of time, so you multiply whatever you have left over from your number of people by the amount of time in minutes, since we were working in blinks per minute, and this ends up with an approximation for either the number of blinks at the same time you would probably get if you observed over this period at time *if your result is greater than one*, or the probability that the single simultaneous blink has happened if it is less than one. So its actually not too hard.
Anti-vaccination is a sort of ‘artificial’ natural selection - potentially ending that family tree. It’ll be interesting (& possibly frightening) to see what other types of this natural selection evolve alongside technology.
The crazy part is she insists its natural. Even Kim Kardashian says hers is real and she looks like the villain at the start of Warframe.
C Deez nuts
Now I just gotta turn off that sound effect that makes my voice sound nasally. 
I’m often surprised how well adjusted some kids turn out from shitty upbringings, it’s like they think ‘fuck that I’m not ending up like my folks’.
Try go to r/aquariums and say that.  I dare you!  EDIT: Gold for this? Wauw cool - first of kind too. Now what do I do with it?
I use that logic to explain why my dog barks at every noise,  to alert the tribe of some shit like a saber tooth tiger attacking or something, probably very useful at one time
Don’t forget rankines, it’s like asking atoms how hot it feels except they prefer higher numbers
The only thing worse than finding a spider in your house is losing a spider in your house.
For me it was old episodes of The Twilight Zone.
Together theyre a symphony - alone theyre just one asshole screaming into the dark. 
It would be breathtaking 
A hurricane was headed towards my parents house, so they were outside cleaning up anything that could be blown around. My dad was on a ladder cutting dead branches off a tree. He was holding the branch with one hand and chopping with the other. He hit his hand and cut it pretty bad and had to go to the ER. After they get back, my mom was putting stuff up on shelves in the garage. She was standing on a step ladder, reaching up and my dad yells No! And she falls and hurts her hip. Another ER trip. When I talk to them the next day, my mom tells me all this and says Now I know how old people feel. She is 70 and dad is 75.
No matter how many lasagna’s you stack on top of each other, ultimately it’s always just one lasagna.
Mr. Potato Head was also the first toy to ever be advertised on TV, in 1952.
And Reddit can barely give you one. 
A buddy of mine use to say: *Grunge happened; and all of a sudden I was in style.*
Last week I was eating roasted peanuts on my break. I opened a red 0 calorie monster, the two together tasted just like pb&j 
An entire generation of children is going to grow-up with its reference point for the home telephone being a white plastic phone, with four red wheels and goggly eyes.
This probably has to do with the idea of ridding the body of waste. Socks on all day build up waste like sweat and dead skin. Once it’s “off”, we have removed the disgust from us, separating the object from the individual. Same reason why ur ok with shit in your body right now but you wouldn’t grab a poop and shove it back up there 
Yes and no. 
So Kenya *must* be Kanyean!
We use the plural when there is more than 1 of something, such as ‘10 miles.’ We use the singular when there is 1 of something, such as ‘1 mile.’ We go back to the plural when there is between 0-1 of something, such as ‘0.5 miles.’
Saw this shit yesterday
I feel like this every time I do a repetitive task on a computer. I know that if its repetitive based on simple enough guidelines for me to do it while listening to music or just generally half paying attention that a computer could be programmed to do it for me. But fuck if I know how to do that, so I sit there and do my menial task.  EDIT: God damn you lot are a helpful bunch, thanks for the suggestions everyone! I can’t promise I’ll do them all but maybe next time I have downtime in the office I’ll learn some of what you’ve all shared so the next busy period won’t be as bad.   Oh, and to all of you pointing out I could make myself irrelevant don’t worry. The secret is to make these tools and use them for yourself, don’t share, don’t even reveal what you do. Just get the task done quickly and efficiently because of you and your tools and then you actually become more marketable. However, make sure to develop some of the tools on your own time since anything on company time they can claim ownership. Then again I’m in a world of VFX and film/video editing, so it’s pretty standard that many people go around with their own home made plugins, macros, settings, etc.
Private tutoring is just brain prostitution.
[Thats why some plants have thorns.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuzLXxbGc4c)
I could think of a couple of cases where that is wrong. But for a completely convex shake I think you are right. 
If fossil fuels will eventually cause human extinction, but some birds survive, then dinosaurs will have evolutionarily outwitted us with the longest shot imaginable.
As a kid, 99.9% of the times I cried was due to physical pain. As an adult, 99.9% of the times I have cried was due to emotional pain.
You know youre really dying when you open your eyes and family you havent seen in decades is there taking pictures of you.
I always get a slight body of anxiety when I think that Im actually gonna have to talk to people on the phone.
As a person who is currently 17 and in my last year of high school, I recently realized I did nothing significant and memorable for the past 17 years other than visit other places. I have very few friends and my best friends all moved away or are way ahead busy with other things.
Look up how many Tigers are privately owned in Texas lol 
Swimming with dolphins in pools is basically dolphin trafficking
Shut up, MINECRAFT IS STILL FUN.
Yeah, well, bacteria infested, sounds a lot worse than, bacteria rich.
We have absolutely no evidence that dinosaurs did not speak in English.
Theres plenty of plastic in the soup
Well I knew it, but they didn’t put it on my diploma.  I paid 200k for that title of science guy....
Imagine the market for celebrity hair clippings.  
In that sense Leo DiCaprio owes a lot of his career to da Vinci and Shakespeare
I have never heard anyone say that anywhere in my life.
They coded the movie to give us the illusion we actually might think we are free and have ideas but it’s all a part of the real matrix.   (Tin foil)
Knowing me, if Id programed that screen, when it hit the corner it would just escape the bounds of the screen and keep on flying forever.
Han would have lived longer if Chewie had gotten him neutered.  Edit: Wow first gold thank you!
Shit, now I got to unlearn this
“You’re so vain, you probably think this song is about you, don’t you? Don’t you?”
If you threw a rock into a river, you might be the last person to touch that rock until the end of time.
The Nordic people went from being the most feared and hardcore raiders,to being the nicest and politest people in Europe
Anyway hows your sex life ?
Meanwhile, students are taught the CRAAP test: currency, relevance, authority, accuracy, purpose. Lets apply it to Wikipedia      Currency: constantly being updated. Check      Relevance: specific to topic, goes into detail on various aspects. Check      Authority: This is the only real quirk because everyone can contribute. This is overcome by...      Accuracy: Citations are provided for all claims and the sources of which often pass the CRAAP test themselves. Check Check    Purpose: There is no purpose, as it is an encyclopedia. Theres no bias or agenda. Purely informational. Check      I get that primary, original research is preferred when writing a research paper, but to completely dismiss Wikipedia as a tool for getting background information or just some basic research is silly.      Then again, you can just go directly to the source given in a citation. But the complete undermining of Wikipedia legitimacy by my grade school teachers was ridiculous. Encyclopaedia Britannica is seen as a good source on some occasions, so why not Wikipedia?      Edit: Just to address the point many of you are making that Wikipedia is biased: Well yes, of course there is bias, but no more than any other encyclopedia that goes through the publication process. You are ~~nieve~~ naive to think anything is completely separate from bias unless it is raw data. That being said, it isnt near the levels of say a peer reviewed, researched article on the effects of ~~burning coal~~ worldwide CO2 emissions ~~at an industrial level~~ for 150 years, the funding of which was provided by ExxonMobil. Thats what I mean by bias      Edit 2: some brainfarts
This just in: Water moving down a stream is a river! 
Now he just has to push the button every 108 minutes. 
They’re going to the same part of heaven as people who post lyric videos on YouTube 
Shrek says “hold the phone” even though telecommunication does not seem apparent within the Shrek universe.
So are Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Mathematics.   Computer Science too.
Do whales not have teeth that act more like a filter after they swallow a a mouth full of water, fish, etc. and need to spit the water out before they swallow the food part? Would that fit the have teeth, but dont need them to chew . . .?
I love the history behind having a tan and attraction. Having a tan used to mean you were poor and worked the fields. Now having a tan means you are perceived as healthier and can afford to go on holiday. 
Ketchup is a tomato smoothie
Being smart is very expensive. On top of that it is inconvenient.
Holy shit, this just made me realize my parents have been around for over a quarter of American history.
My own mother is a self employed therapist and only sees clients once a week. So she wears the same outfit all week. She has a client thats been pushing to see her twice a week and shes like there is no way for me to explain to him that would ruin my entire system.
Trying to hold a conversation while high is a lot like trying to pick the right dialogue option in Fallout 4. You get a vague idea of what youre going to say, but sonething very different comes out.
Strippers feel bad for you too.
technically most animals are related 
Maybe they can use them to reduce stress lol
No, your name *must* rhyme with guy to be a Science Guy.
Every day is a battle.  Im going to get up at 8AM, take a nice long shower, get breakfast and then drive slowly to work and get there just at 9:15  Alarm goes off at 8AM - I dont need a really long shower. Hit snooze.  Alarm goes off at 8:10AM - I dont need to have breakfast here. Snooze  Alarm goes off at 8:20AM - I showered last night before sleep, I dont need to shower. Snooze  Alarm goes off at 8:30AM - Since Im not showering Ill be ready in like 10mins tops. Snooze.  Alarm goes off at 8:40AM - OH SHIT OHSHIT OHSHITOHSHIT
Except the butterfly effect only effects systems operating at a point of monostable equilibrium. In most systems there are negative feedbacks that keep the system in dynamic equilibrium.      Or put another way, in everyday life you far more often will find pencils laying down on their side rather than balanced on their point. 
If you added up all the little glances towards grass that a person makes over the course of a lifetime, could you calculate how much time theyve spent literally watching grass grow?
We are the center of the universe, from our perspective. 
As a taller than average person at 65, taking one step at a time in a lot of places (especially big public transportation areas where you have people around you like subway steps) feels really unnatural and I get self conscious.  Its the vertical equivalent of walking heel to toe and I just feel awkward as fuck like Im Gandalf walking up Bilbos steps.  Two-stepping still feels awkward, just less so.  
So aware it’s sometimes crippling. Quite the paradox. 
Ok Mitch
Bitch, I count my socks everytime I put them in the washer. I know exactly how many socks I got. Im onto you. You fucking sock thief. 
In my experience, they do. But then, I travel on foot for the most part.
I like 68 better. You do me and I owe you one. 
And excitement of a fun night ahead.
The guy playing me is terrible at this game.
Bruh ... 😰
Thats my secret. Im *always* having a mental breakdown.
Or they saw a calf doing it and thought, hmmmmm. One taste later and boom, mass produced milk
So original
Don’t you mean orgasming is like x2 Q-Tipping?
When expressing admiration for an EDM song, all you have to say is “It goes hard when it drops.” You’ll gain instant acceptance as a connoisseur of all things EDM.
But wth how the fuck does alternate me know my secret cake recipe 
Millions of people independently piloting vehicles at 60mph will be viewed as insanity in the future.
If you would like to pay your water bill, but live in the cold without electricity, turn to page 47.  If you would like to pay your electricity but live without water or showers, turn to page 47.  &#x200B;  Page 47:  It turns out you dont have the money for either.  Move into your car and turn to page 92, under Angry Boss.
why does guys still have to pay in divorces at this age anyway
They still missed the best way he could have cameoed (sic?). Stan Lee should have played a janitor or cleaner after Avengers and picked up Thors hammer to clean around it then put it back down. 
In just a few years Google photoss discover the day feature will be a blunderyears photos generator
If you let it sit long enough itll be chunky to your hearts content.
No one gets hurt/robbed/raped while fast traveling. 
Fuck Im still searching for the poems.
Im a nurse, its true
To keep the police vigilant, hed hide traces of his next victims DNA mixed into the paint. Its all a game to him, a happy little game  ^^^^I ^^^^mean ^^^^if ^^^^were ^^^^just ^^^^reposting
And thats just the opening salvo.  If it can sink its teeth in, it goes on to convince you that you are worthless and not worthy of keeping any friends you do have.  As someone who has been through severe clinical depression (losing even my negative emotions) and been able to get the help and medication I needed, I welcome questions on how to survive long enough to get the help you need or how to help friends that are struggling. I hate the fact that there are people still experiencing what I had to endure.
I remember when I was a kid and all my friends were going to get pancakes with their parents and I begged my mother if I could come too. She tried to explain she just couldn’t afford it, and I didn’t understand how she didn’t have the 2 euros it cost to get a pancake. Looking back now I realise she genuinely didn’t have 2 euros. She did a really good job of hiding how poor we were and I now regret not being able to understand that sooner
It’s socially acceptable to talk about how reliant and addicted you are to a drug as long as that drug is caffeine.
I do this with my friends because they all steal my memes
Blind people living in spiders homes have really not hit the lottery. 
And you cant save during an exciting part.
My contribution.. if you hold the 0 button on iPhone, you get °
If theyre kissing and having sex, does that make a continuous circle? 
Somewhere in Hawaii, a man has gone to his bunker, lost cell reception, and will not to be seen again for a few decades.
Sleeping is like time travelling in general
The first dude that accidentally drew an optical illusion mustve thought he was going insane
Can confirm but I am a certified member of the Players Haters Ball 
“Life-size” ranges from microscopic to over 100 acres.
Also, who decides what a world record actually is? Tonight, I could decide to cut 1883 golf balls in half while sitting on an orange chair and wearing gloves on my feet. Wouldnt that make me a world record holder?
Everything that lasts more than 3 days is probably cancer
A few years ago, after a lot of drinks, a friend of mine went to hit another friend with the tube. Swung it baseball bat style as hard as she could at my buddy sitting on the bar stool.  She didnt see the full glass of wine on the counter in front of him. Fuckin line drive across the living room.
Little known fact - before Superman showed up, birds flying around in the open sky were a rare sight. Only after Superman showed up did birds feel safe enough to fly about without fearing for their lives.
We really should just keep the extra hour of light at night all year
One year, at CCI in San Diego, there was this guy in his 60s, dressed as Superman.  He wore a Superman t\-shirt, Superman boxers, a red robe instead of a red cape, fuzzy red slippers and long red socks, instead of Supermans boots, and carried a flask, cigarette, and cane.  He was slightly unkempt, as well.  Imagine a 65\-year\-old Hancock.  That was how he played old, drunk, [Superman](https://78.media.tumblr.com/ac85ef6eeef8ef5671359f2d915d5bf4/tumblr_inline_mlqcasnnJX1qz4rgp.jpg).  Honestly, I ignore most cosplayers, but that one I loved.  edit: someone complained the link was broken, so [heres](https://i.imgur.com/kGSUmUk.jpg) an imgur mirror that u/AtariDump posted when I was away from my computer.  Thank him [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8jc5nm/comic_con_is_the_best_way_to_see_what_your/dyz0e1r).
If Eve was cloned from Adam’s rib then Adam was the one dude who really could go fuck himself. 
[removed]
And thats what she said
I realize victoria was important to the entire AMA process, but thats not all reddit is....am I missing something? Why is the entirety of reddit suddenly in jeopardy?  Im not trying to be a dick Im just genuinely confused. I feel as though people on reddit are overreacting, shockingly enough.
Drinking water with a minty mouth is the cold version of spicy
And Zeros are diet pepsis.
Typing Minimum on a keyboard is like playing a really crap game of ping pong.
If you sleep 8 hours a night you’ll spend 1/3 of your life sleeping. That’s such a big waste of time. If we were to successfully find a way to lucid dream 100% of the time we could be living 2 lives or learn to do new things at the very least. Just imagine how many dreams you actually remember. its
Didnt know what you meant. Currently eating a bowl of hair so that I may accurately respond.  Edit: update...dont eat a bowl of hair. 
P-Diddy Kong  https://i.imgur.com/xDk04l3.jpg
Stealing posts...
Why is it ironic? 
What, no Ctrl + X?
Watched ex machina today. Good fucken movie
Especially an almost full moon was the craziest. One of the other things was seeing stars in the summer evening.  Like just as the sun is setting and the stars are all out.
Shamelessly plugging Signal ([android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcrime.securesms), [ios](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/signal-private-messenger/id874139669?mt=8)).  It works great, has basically all the features of hangouts/imessage/messenger, and is open source, secure and audited.  Everyone should be using this. Its a gift to mankind.  My friend group has had no problems transitioning to it (edit: well ok, the non-techies moaned about a new app but came around)
doesnt that count for all deaf people though? until someone explains to them what verbal communication is.
Its impossible to empty/load the dishwasher quietly.
Tree have best life. They stay still, do nothing and die peacefully without giving any shit!
And burning down the house in the ensuing squabble...
Imagine being reincarnated as a tree and having to sit there for hundreds of years 
Yeah but in this world you would need a license to be a vampire Hunter, requiring you to pass a full proof test to make sure you are not a vampire:  VSA Agent (like tsa, but for vampires): Sir, are you a vampire?  Vampire: No  Vsa Agent: Do you cross your heart, hope to die, stick a needle in your eye?  Vampire: <long pause> you got me  Edit: Thank you anonymous redditor for the silver!!
Hell, Even privacy wouldnt have
Papyrus
Who is immediately euthanized due to ethical concerns.
You obviously saw the post about how if you donate blood youll always be in someones heart with the top comment being or penis 
Breaking ice cubes out of the tray and putting them into the ice bucket is quite possibly the loudest thing to do in the kitchen  
Its actually harder to hold my thin phone, than the phone I could change out batteries. One step too close to an index card.
Snoop Dogg voicing cartoon characters in movies blows my mind. 
Thats because he didnt make a provocative album cover that shows so many clues! /s
Surely Odin would have interfered by now if we were all getting his day mixed up.
They should try the wrist.  Vertically.
The Wizard of Oz was many peoples first exposure to a color film. Decades later, its many peoples first exposure to a black and white film.
88 is better than 69 because you get ate twice.
In the future there might be google mars
There are pornstars that have been in the business so long theye gone from the step-daughter to the step-mom.
I always figured that If someone asked a question that is easily google-able, its because they just want someone to talk to. 
Maybe they have, but their destruction just hasn’t reached us yet 😭
how was it when you first heard a parrot talk?   somehow this made me wonder what the first conversation between two humans was like
Edison is that one guy in class who says your joke a little bit louder and gets all of the laughs.
The object of golf is to play the least amout of golf.
I mean... Socially speaking yes that statement is correct. 
If you pirate movies, Vin Diesel won’t be able to afford cars for his collection
Saggy sack? Smooth it out with Loreals new Silky Sack^TM with Shea butter
If we look back, Pornhub has been one of the most innovative video sharing websites. They have had permanent dark mode for years, they popularized the preview setting where you can watch the video without starting it, and still are one of the few to have like/dislike percentage on display
You are dumb in the first place. But since the measurement of force is calculated by mass times acceleration and not by resisting to impulses from the outside you are strong.
i dont like this
Buy one human, force them to make iPhone X, sell it, buy more humans, make more iPhone Xs. Profit.
[removed]
Grocery stores in California charge $0.10 for 1 paper bag to discourage waste, but they mail everyone in the neighborhood paper junk mail without anyone asking for free
I have always had doubts about what signal the size of my tie sends. Does a wider tie infer a superior genital? Or maybe it actually means an inferior genital since you would need a bigger arrow to not miss it? 
I find it impossible to believe that people in the second and third world dont do this.
This happened a lot to my fridge, I then tried turning down the temperature to 2 degrees celsius, and it has never done it since. Dunno why.
Police engage in policing laws. But to ensure they are following their laws, do we have the police police? But who ensures they follow their laws? The police police police? So police police police police police police. 
This post is 100% stupid
Theyll be too busy watching porn on their phones to care
I drive a cab so it would be a throwback to learning how to drive 15 years ago.  WATCH OUT FOR THAT TRUCK! Mom its parked and on the other side of the highway
May Dad told me that exact line when he came home to find me playing my Megadrive after being off school sick. 20 years later I still remind him that he said that and I was in hospital at midnight that night having my appendix removed! 
-60 boggles my mind.  Ive felt -20 before but how do you go 40 degrees below that? The difference between 60 degrees and 100 degrees is huge. How do you take holy fuck is it cold and then minus another 40? I just have no reference frame for what thatd even feel like.
It has to do with the different light rays emitted by the sun. You know how some sunscreen will say “blocks uva and uvb”?
Now you know how the NSA guy watching you through your camera feels. 
75% of reddit going dark means this is probably my best chance of ever getting to the frontpage
Makes perfect sense when you think about it. Theres a tremendous history of Judeo-Christian influence in US history. A quick read through the Bible will show that violence was an almost everyday thing, yet nudity often resulted in harsh punishment.
If youre 24 years old, youve already been around for 10% of American history.
Not really, the ads are a consequence of us giving away our private data, allowing companies who gather that data to sell it to advertisers when target us based on that very same data.
But do you float down there? 
I thought *yawns* were the yawns of our generation. 
You actually should do that because it encourages developing children to talk and develop their speech, while also teaching them correct pronunciation over baby-talk
Victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart.
I tell my friends Im not funny all the time, but now I can explain exactly why. Thanks
And dont turn the car off until its finished either 
Its strange that there is a setting on your toaster to completely burn the bread.
cmon bruh u got this
As a Dad, I wish developers would make a game where player two helps you just by mashing random buttons
69 upvotes. Nice
Or when you get a call from work asking why your not there and you remember they changed your schedule.
Male country singers talk about how good they are to women, while female country singers talk about how terrible the men are.
If you put your penis in a peanut butter jar you are fucking nuts
Thats literally how mafia works
Also, slamming them down to end a phone call ends less than satisfactorily
You could touch yourself and be the last person to touch yourself until the end of time.
The economy has stabilized and is headed in a positive direction? UGH, I *hate* April Fools day
Annnnnnd cue the emergencies 
Watch the story based around real events of Stacy and John. The office romance to start off the new century.  Working in the tallest building in the world, they always thought they were safe. Till jet fuel hit the steel beams.  Fly the journey of two workers. She comes from upper management and he is just an intern. By a twist of fate she hijacks an intern who would change her life forever. Sneaking down to the mailroom for friday shooters, to showing him the executive floor.  In series of unfortunate events they must help each other rush out of a collapsing building.   Will their love last?   *edit: many typos* 
Theyre associated with love thanks to the Romans, as well as many other cultures. In Roman mythology, the swan was sacred to Venus, the goddess of love.  The Valkyries also have a myth that said that the Valkyrie Kara followed her lover, Helgi, in battle by flying over the field in the shape of a swan. Her [swan]song basically lulled the enemy into loosing the battle.   In shamanism, the Swan totem is associated with love, inspiration, intuition, self-transformation, gracefulness and beauty, and also with traveling to the Otherworld.  [Source 1](http://www.swansongs.org/who-we-are/swan-mythology/) and [Source 2](http://www.vikinganswerlady.com/valkyrie.shtml)  
Coincidentally, the first thing you lose after *starting* a PhD is your self-respect.
Corrupt criminals are just undercover cops 🤔
When you drop a Lego model, its not technically broken. Its just been returned to factory settings.
On iOS you can swipe in the numbers field to erase unintentional entries. 
Edit: Its called Exorphin Theory  When you think about it, wheat and other plants we farm have a tight hold on us. Were completely dependant on them. We protect them fiercely, we destroy other forests and land to create more space for it. We used selective breeding and genetic modification to make it stronger. Wheat could never take down a tree on its own, but humans will do it to make a field.   There are actual theories around this: http://www.ynharari.com/ecology/articles/who-domesticated-humans/
I hate to break it to you, but Chilis is not sophisticated. 
A shower thought that isnt fucking terrible and cake day? Outstanding move!
Dont forget to r-e-p-o-r-t unoriginal spam like this when you see it. Boy, is there a lot of it here today.   Hopefully the mods will be here soon to clear up.
Part of language is to draw same sound signature in different ways.
They say with pessimism youll either be correct or pleasantly surprised, but that’s an awfully optimistic way to see pessimism.
More like they are going to revive old chainletters. 
Id use them for my own benefit, like the guy from that Jumpers movie.
People love essential oil diffusers because it’s the closest a muggle can get to potions class.
Uhm, its limited to internal crying only. Sometimes it hurts a lot that you cant even force your tears out.
In case of emergency, break consciousness.
I was raised by my mother and she always told me that if i told the truth i would get in verry little or no trouble at all. With this i always told the truth and owend up to what i did wrong.   I learned a lot more from this and i plan on doing the same with my kids. 
What if you put a magnet up the doll’s ass first, and then had a strong one on your stomach? Eh? 
Not even close. Pay attention when you get to sex ed. You wont look like an idiot next time. 
What about burgers? 
Life is very precious and can drastically change in an instant. Lets be thankful, and try to enjoy every moment we have.
Clearly they never spent a day near my mother-in-laws heart. 
Babies are basically parasites
Only the dead have seen the end of war -plato
[deleted]
So is flying from one Timezone to another  
Justin Biebers baby video getting almost 300k dislikes taken off in one day due to people wanting Rewind 2018 as the most disliked vid is the perfect example of how turning the hate onto another thing is the fastest way to clear hate.
The older I get, the more concerned I am that every new ache and pain is going to be permanent
You get my upvote with this quote!
Put one in front of the other, INFINITE ELECTRICITY
Your mama so old, when the dentist tells her to floss, she starts dancing.
i dont know if its because im so sleepy but you just mind fucked me.
The first person to have been asked a knock knock joke must have been really confused
Well that’s just no fun for anyone 
Absolutely. It says a lot about the impact of school stress that I haven’t been in school for over 20 years, but regularly have school stress dreams.  Edit:  found this interesting article about my particular dream, which is the “omg, I totally forgot about that class” variety:  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/radical-teaching/200909/recurring-final-exam-dream
Thats because now we are the product, and companies are the customers.
This is basically the premise of Mormonism.
I believe from the first movie it has been made clear that he holds onto it because he doesn’t trust others with the power. As seen by his former CEO the destructive power unleashed in the wrong hands. 
Just yours, technically. 
The human body is 60% water and 33% of the water molecule is oxygen.
Mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it. 
> User reports:  >1: On a unrelated note are you being paid for your work mods?  >1: I thought we banned lol x is just y posts a long time ago  >1: Just... retarded.  >1: Oooh so edgy, so deep.  >1: Not if you like your job.  >1: This kid is gonna jizz his pants when he reads Marx  >1: im 14 and this is deep material get the fuck out  >1: Who let Jayden Smith onto Reddit?  >1: For real tho, are mods paid? because I kinda need a job and I spend a lot of time on this site  Whoever asked if we get payed, we dont. Well at least, I dont.  #No more reports will be added to this comment so please stop reporting the post.  Reports on this comment:  > 1: Do you do tide detergent taste test for a living ?  Yes, I do, kind anonymous reporter.
But he was a lion a little bit so does that make a difference?
I know a guy that just racks up a ton of tickets and doesnt even bother paying right away. He waits until he goes to renew registration and pays with a lump sum..... Interest, penalties and all   He just does not care.
Heres the plan. Me, Ralph,  Janine and the rest of the raptors are going to grow feathers and figure out this flight thing. The rest of you...  And this is the important part. You all lay down in big groups and die.  Now I know what youre thinking. Why me? But hey, it has to be some one right, Frank?  Frank the t-rex, attempts to salute. I might not be da smartest dino da kingdom, but I gonna do this for all dino-kind!  Way to go Frank! What an indomitable spirit. The rest of you need to be more like Frank. Now be sure and gather up as much plant matter as you can and wad it up real good for your death holes.  And please, herbivores, dont eat it. Coproliths are no good for our plan, remember.  All the assembled herbivores chime in together.  Dino do-do is a Dino dont-dont!    Edit: Holy wow, some kind Redditor gave me gold? I think Im going to have to write out a little more as thanks for the remarks. 
Never seems too permanent. I too am not ready for that level of commitment. 
People want youtube rewind 2018 to be the most disliked video on YouTube. People undo their dislikes for Justin Biebers baby, so that it wont have as many dislikes.  OP is saying that the quickest way to stop hating one thing is to hate another thing. 
well that...and waking up at 45 next to a spouse you dont love with a job/career you hate.
Security at every level of an airport is absolutely ridiculous. Until you get to the baggage claim. Then it’s just like take whatever bag you want.
This phrase, One of my key skills is my ability to admit I dont know an answer, and quickly find the correct answer. Has been key in getting me jobs. Key.
...and anyone with more than $1 billion would have more cents than sense.
Las Vegas strip, New Year’s Eve 1998, buddy and I are walking outside of Caesars Palace heading to the strip, cops are lined up checking for anybody with glass bottles. Buddy had a full bottle of peach brandy, cop stopped us, told him to get rid of it, other cop said, “ a real man would just chug it”. Buddy chugged it, 40 minutes later he was laying face down on the strip, had to get some help pulling him to the sidewalk where he stayed for the next 4 hours.
Negative. Worst feeling is watching up to current in the series, then reading the source material thats a year or more ahead of the show, *then* waiting for that content to be released as episodes. Oh, and now youre waiting for the source material to progress.
For real. Parking in pay lot 24hrs: $40. Parking ticket on street in front of pay lot: $25. Duh, Ill pay the ticket to local courthouse. Keep it in the community. 
I like to feed mine corn.
If only there were chat bubbles when we talk
In the eighties, calling someone on the phone and asking where they are was a ridiculous question. In 2018, it could be the most asked question when calling someone.
Thats why I like reading. I can even do different and funny voices, accents, sound effects, the whole nine. 
My arm is made of jelly in dreams
Im locking this thread because Im tired of banning people for being assholes.
Using a dollar bill as a book mark is cheaper than buying a bookmark.
Nope, to the chagrin of toddlers everywhere, you cant die from just holding your breath. 
the only thing worse than finding a worm in your apple is finding half of a worm in your apple
From this day forward I will refer to semen as “cock snot” 
and thousands of these children will go back after trick or treating to living in homes with murderers, rapists, and drug dealers.
r/eli5
We win our local Chilli cook-off almost every year by serving last years national winners recipe.
Just gotta hope there’s a Marvel after credits scene that makes it worth hanging around for!
And in reality it’s always a combination of both. 90 degrees in Arizona? Nice. 90 degrees in Florida? Literally hell. 40 degrees and calm? Reasonable. 40 degrees and windy? Basically Antarctica.
I mean its still 233.15 kelvin that sounds pretty hot right
Thats literally the entire moral of the movie. Just because one has the ability to do whatever one wants, doesnt mean they should.
This is what I imagine the batman parts of Suicide Squad will be
The Viagra commercial always says Make sure your heart is healthy enough for sex. Thats a really deep question if you think about it in more of a metaphorical way
Thats because a dead baby is a tragedy of bad luck, while a child who could (should) have been vaccinated but wasnt and winds up dead is a tragedy of neglect, arrogance, and idiocy.
Not even close. Whoever told you this was a great thing to post lied to you. 
Huh, weird... I always think exactly the same thing.
ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
For males, complimenting a friends mom is cute and respectul when you are kid. However, it becomes inappropriate when you get older. Then after the mom gets really old, it becomes respectul again.
Wait, but I have a gold card DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM??!?!
Thats what she said.
Youth: time, energy, but no money  Midlife: energy, money, but no time  Retirement: money, time, but no energy.  Just remember I heard it once. Don’t know the source.  EDIT: typo
David attenborough is a legit zoologist tho.
Well....60% water refers to weight. 1 out of 3 atoms is what youre talking about with H20 but they dont weigh the same....oxygen I think weighs more than Hydrogen. The rest of your body is all different sorts of atoms/molecules ..... its a little more complicated...
You can also play PlayStation
I use mapquest.  Its easy to get to from my AOL toolbar after my 56k modem connects me and I hear youve got mail.  Then I just do a quick Ask Jeeves search on my Netscape browser, have a sunny D, and listen to the newest song from that cool boy band called the back street boyz.     
This made me shudder because of how absolutely true it is. 
Day 3: Gallowboob posts that GoPro video of a dog running to the beach
You can have all 3 states of matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas) out from your ass.
When your friends and family travel, are you concerned about them, or the citizens of all the places they visit?
I’ve seen on twitter before where it was “Check out my IMDb. 
Fun fact: Sunny D neutralizes the taste of alcohol, enjoy kiddos! 
If you use a VPN they do that to you. I have to give up and duckduckgo
this is the type of content I need from r/Showerthoughts
As Moaning Myrtle taught us: ghosts are real, and they watch you in the tub. 
Ive gone through the Timmies drive-thru wearing skates.
Kids today will never know that unique smell of Blockbuster which was kinda like a mixture of candy and carpet.
bras are boob helmets
In that vein, anyone can technically study at Harvard - just literally go to a bench on the Harvard campus and study something.
This is a good example of the difference between connotation and denotation. 
I actually think that the most unrealistic thing is finding Muggle-born students complaining about studying at Hogwarts.  Tell me more about how annoying it is to learn how to make things fly, crafting potions or studying freakin hippogriffs.
Don’t forget about not setting an alarm and sleeping in the next morning. Nothing better than a Saturday morning with absolutely no plans. 
Single player full dive vr 
I mean imagine in like 250+ years when particle cleaners that you step through like a metal detector remove all unnecessary organic material from your dermal layer.  Theyll look back at 2018 like how did they ever even concieve of eating ass??  Water and soap!? Preposterous! 
It's funny to laugh at something ironic said un-ironically.
In Monopoly, you get arrested for gambling (rolling doubles three times), but you can gamble (roll another double) to get out.
If you eat fish remember humans evolved from fish. Fucking cannibals out here
Calm down, Satan.
Yeah! Thats because one sleeps knowing that he doesnt have to wake up hurriedly.
Space is 80% vampires
To plants however, they probably do smell like death.  And the smell of fresh cut grass smells like mass murder. (No joke) When smelling this, the surviving blades of grass will suck up silica particles from the dirt, and deposit them on their edges to make sharp knife to protect them. Worked against many animals, but not lawnmowers.
truth is that the more I love someone, the less of a role they took in our wedding so they could enjoy themselves and I grouped tables based on how people could get along.
Not even a shower thought.  Youre an asshole for posting it. Enjoy having this shit deleted. 
“But will it last as long as Opportunity?” is a question engineers at NASA will get tired of answering.
Shut the hell your mouth
Conspiracy Theorists will believe low quality footage of UFOs but not HD footage of a rocket landing.
And the splash of water on your stomach when youre washing dishes.
What if over time the developers of Pokémon GO slowly reduce Pokémon spawn rates to zero, and the app turns out to be a publicity stunt to warn about the dangers of over hunting and extinction.
Its not. That 3% is the entirety of the NHS. We are forced to use it. 
Not a tale so much as a way of protecting secrets.
Google employees using gmail are often mistaken for conmen
The madman actually posted it.
Or stupidity 
Just put roller coasters in banks already
But if you are the greatest thief, then how would they know you are a thief.
Then shouldnt there be a record for the first ever world record and that person would therefore be the first person to have two world records and so on.  Edit: nevermind. Im overthinking it. Have an upvote.
Im just going to go cry in the corner now...
Burn. I like this. Saved for later. 
Accept the one that contains Jeff. Fuck that guy! 
Isnt this what it would be like if we wore cycling shorts all the time? 
The smell of someone vaping in public is a disturbing reminder of how often we breathe in the same air someone just exhaled
Tom and Jerry is one of the most distinct case of child v.s. adult perspective in which as a child you think Jerry is witty and correct but as an adult you see that Tom is being bullied by Jerry whilst attempting to live his life as a normal house cat.
I experience this. Every once in a while Ill be talking to a friend or my partner and bring up that one time we did that thing or that passing comment in a convo I thought we had and... nope. Never happened.  At first I thought it was my friend messing with me but when it was happening with workmates and family members theres just too many people involved for it to be a joke.   Sometimes I dream very real and very normal / boring days at work and then mistake its recollection as a memory.   OR Im super gullible and a prime target for gas-lighting. 
... except for group projects. Its been years since I was in any form of school but I still get infuriated thinking about that. 
Reeeeeeeeee
Searching for a Google image of something and getting a Pinterest result is just basically saying Guess were not looking at that one today
Best thing about the Panama Papers scandal so far is that its name doesnt end in gate.
We should create a Google flat earth and charge all the flat earthers to use it. 
I’m going to open a restaurant and start selling hand punched nachos.
Would it sound like this? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IIgyr1_Z_qA
[removed]
[removed]
Growing a really nice beard is like getting really muscular. You do it to pick up girls, but 90% of the attention you get will be from other men.
All new laptops should have a small sliding cover in front of the webcam.
My wife and I plan on sexing each other to death on our 70th wedding anniversary. 
Adults who respond to baby gibberish using coherent sentences and phrases sounds a lot like a conversation between Han and Chewbacca.
Their thoughts could be more visual, based upon scenarios or body language.
Its treeson then.
Fun fact: If you dont get enough calcium while pregnant, the baby will start to leach it from your bones! Love my lil parasite.
Changing a baby’s diaper would be 1000 times worse if they had pubes and a hairy ass.
If you rip up a barcode, you are a serial killer.
Nope, its the restaurants that lure in customers by using a lure module every 30 minutes.
Dormammu, I’ve come to bargain.
I have both a white and a black cat.  Ive just given up at this point. 
Fuck that.  Your body looks like a wet plastic bag after you lose all that weight. 
Neither of my kids sounded like chewy. Little bit more like ewoks 
[deleted]
When a dog sees a K9 unit it wonders if its going to get shot.
Some US states allow citizens to keep tigers as pets, as a result many are neglected and abused.
Cheese is just a loaf of milk.
Down with big trophy. 
Lmao look at this noob died by the natural causes
Its not just the workers that are hidden from view at Amazon. The customers are hidden too. Big improvement over having to see Walmart customers.
Q-Tipping your ears is like 1/2 of an orgasm.
Ugh, thats totally gonna happen now you jerk.
When you think about it, Shakespeare WAS the result of billions of monkeys trying to write stuff randomly for millions of years.
300 years ago, if you had something that was made in China, everyone would be really impressed.
Pineapple is one of the most popular pizza toppings. Source: Ive sold tens of thousands of pizzas. 
I also hate when Im on the official reddit and accidentally tap the little button that goes to the next comment. It sucks, Ill be reading something useless and then it gives me more useless stuff too quickly.
And then Electronic Files. 
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
There is a famous Chinese bottled water brand whose commercial says  we dont produce water , we are just natures porters.
I got told the dress code was smart casual for a training day. When I turned up, I was the only person  besides the trainer (who Id met before and greeted me warmly) not in uniform. People treated me like I was a manager. It was pretty odd.
Thats just human talking too.  Bird dont just sing for sex, they sing things like   NO PREDATOR AROUND  NO PREDATOR AROUND HE SAID, NONE HERE TOO  YEAH NONE HERE, NO PREDATOR, THERES A WEIRD THING THO  WEIRD THING PREDATOR?  DUNNO  HEY GUYS THERES A WEIRD THING MAYBE PREDATOR HERE THIS GUY SAYS  ITS A STICK ITS OK  OK ITS A STICK NO PREDATOR  NO PREDATOR HERE TOO 
Or it’s a save point from the last place you died
TikTok is TERRIBLE with this. You can have a private account, meaning non one but people who you have approved can see your videos but TikTok still has permission to take your videos and use them as promotional material or anything for that matter. Also I get a low key pedo vibe from that app
Rumors persist of Humans who are even able to form their mouthwater into globs that they can then throw from their mouths as a form of self defense.
Psychedelics users were doing VR before it was cool
In an infinite universe there has to be a planet on which the entire human history has already happened as well as one planet on which everything will happen again.
Coincidence is the word we use when we cant see the levers and the pulleys
As with changing the meaning of any acronym
So there is no point in being a nihilist either. 
Depends on the kind of friendship, honestly.  We had a 14 year old who would hang with us from time to time when I was about that age, but he was kinda the group little brother.  Had a rough home life and we looked out for him, and he had a safe place to hang out.
Tea is just seasoned water.
And also; nope.
The earth is a giant fishbowl
When that happens the whole universe will disappear, and a sign will appear in the darkness that just says Level 2.
Does anyone sign up for Prime only for Prime Video?  Serious question--its just a bonus on the free shipping/data storage options for me.  Theres a lot of hidden jewels in there, but I wouldnt have signed up for it without all of the other Prime benefits.  
Why dont we just get really fast conveyer belts to go everywhere 
Being really thirsty when you also have to pee is like having a full tank, but your brain says your just gonna have to refuel anyway
White cat owner. Can confirm I cant wear black.
For some dyslexic reason I often type now instead of not.  When someone says Im gay and I respond Im now gay. Theres just no good recovery for that.
Im not sure you have a full understanding of the word thing. 
He stopped being relatable. Theres no danger to him until then
therefore fat = slim...I will henceforth identify as a slim guy
I don’t know, the water in Lemoore, CA tastes like cancer. and I’m no temperaturologist, but I’m pretty sure cancer isn’t a temperature.
Im no expert, but I dont think thats the correct use of lest we forget.
Oh this is good. 
Honestly wouldnt be surprised if it was billions, not millions - there are a LOT of organisms that make up the body and live in/on it.
That guy could literally give $10 to every single person on the planet, and still be a billionaire. Every. Single. Person.  *guys, obviously this isnt something can or will actually happen. It was just a comment on the sheer wealth of the guy. I understand his wealth is in stock for the most part.  
This is why you go to Greendale Air Conditioning Repair School 
I do the same thing because Reddits search engine blows big fat dick. 
Dumb
This is a true wet dream. The other traditional wet dream should be called a cream dream. 
In the past, a great amount of people lived their whole life without ever getting near ice.
Its time for someone to find out why we can not hit hard in dreams
[deleted]
I thought the week started on mondays
sleeping with us
My mum says Thank you. Now go to your room and stay there with your PC unplugged for [x] hours. Now add two hours because I know you just swore at me.  Luckily she doesnt know Ive got reddit on my phone, such a silly 30th birthday present. 
The most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is that nobody asks him if they can try his glasses
I know a few folks who have 3. Your math might be a bit off!    Lol
See thats why they are heading to earth in infinity war. Peter finally broke them and hes going back to get a new pair
Smart phone battery life is just fine, we just check the time and messages way too much.
If you have to purchase a VIP ticket for an event you probably aren’t an actual VIP.
He, He, He 
“Get your elbows off the table” is now “Get off your phone”  Edit: Drinking and spelling doesn’t work well
Oil doesn’t come from dead dinosaurs, that’s a myth
We should be makin bananas outta bread!
My oldest was less than 2 years old when he got hold of a marker pen from the kitchen and wrote on the walls. My wife thought she left it in the living room until she found his baby chair in the kitchen next to the baby gate... and realised he must have (while she was on the toilet) taken it to the kitchen gate, used it to climb over, lifted it up through the bars and into the kitchen, taken the pen, climbed back over using the chair..  And left it in the kitchen while writing on the walls.   Clever bastards.
They do this by more than just drinking the milk of the teet: They interrupt sleep patterns, require all of your attention and a great deal of your finances.  I look into my wife’s eyes and she’s not the same person anymore.  But somehow, happier than ever.   It’s some twilight zone shit
This one was probably actually thought of in the shower. 
Where I live theres an alarming number of children called Rhiyonce
Those orange foamed Sony ones were pretty tough though.  source - I had the same walkman when I was about 14.  
wouldnt the dick-flection just be floating in the air? or are we saying that the ink *becomes one* with the vampire upon application?
I would remove my mothers image from my bedroom. Instantely.
Of course you could always pay to hunt the endangered stuff. Just $9.99.
Or because she ghosted you while you were at work and never let you even say goodbye.... So you you destroyed your entire life in an amazing fit of depression and hopelessness and dont have the courage to put a bullet in your head.  At least you had a choice.  Life is hard man.  
This took too long to interpret.  &#x200B;
[removed]
the tables have tabled
My mom always praise me as an easy eater with everyone.   “Oh, Hank is so easy on eating. He can just grab 2 eggs, some rice and would be fine with that.”  Now thinking back, it’s not that I’m an easy eater, it’s just that my mom is an amazing cook. And I always think about this whenever I stay for dinner at any of my friends’ home.
He doesnt say there will be no consequences.  Hes simply interested in what they want to do.  
Being a cleaner is seen a low paying job yet actually having a cleaner is seen as an expensive luxury
Less syllables, your brain likes shortcuts and fastest routes
As a former news station engineer and media producer, theyre getting better at it slowly.   The station I worked for actually tried having someone feeding the questions to the reporter a few seconds ahead of time so that they could answer on cue. They also tried using synched timers so that the anchor would know when to finish the question and when the reporter needed to begin answering.   Mixed results at best. Worked well when it did work, and it worked more often than you would have guessed.
Oh
Quit smoking 28 days ago. Can confirm that it takes less time. 
Six sevem eight
Mine breathes as I breathe 
The reason why that happens is that in our minds, when we leave a room, we ready ourselves for a new set of information. Your mind will file away the previous rooms information including the reason why you walked into a different room.
My buddys band tried to get him to cameo in their music video.  His agent said sure, no problem. $70k... Hes doing just fine.
I think both things happen in both timelines.  We won’t have the then-current immunities, and the denizens immune systems won’t recognize our bugs that we share.     This is also an argument for “religious missionaries are narcissistic murderers”
Watching a graduation ceremony is like sitting through a movie thats entirely end credits
|( . ) ( . )|   /( . ) ( . )\   | . | | . |   ( ( . ) ( . ) )   | ( . ) |  Look, its the cast of SpongeBob
Its ok, somewhere theres 2 teams of people out to stop what this curse involves. Ones a military group thats getting in the way, while the other involves an archaeologist, a mystic, an historian, and one person who has descended from the group who put the evil in the sarcophagus.  Well hear group 2s story in 3 years time
Ah, but could they take on the emus and the drop bears?   &#x200B;
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
You could be a clone with implanted memories and not know it.
How is that a shower thought?
And Hershey chocolate bar is without the nuget.
Interesting....
I just wanna get laid
Thats because alcoholism has no days off
Growing up I remember asking my parents all the time for a checkbook for Christmas/Birthdays. My 5 year old self really thought you could just write down an amount on a piece of paper and use that instead of money. Wish I had their patience lol
I havent found any space vampires using my refracting telescope either.
Does that make condoms hazmat suits?
Well, it does contain about 2% juice.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/SunnyD
There must have been a lot of people in the past named Rob who had stuff stolen from them since whenever someone steals from you, you say you’ve been “Robbed”.
You think that correlation isnt caused?
There’s a point in your life where the word ‘vocabulary’ is added to your vocabulary
I asked my grandfather what 80 years old felt like, and he told me his body felt 80, but his mind felt the same as it did at 18. That scared the shit out of me. 
If we unvaccinated autistic children we can cure autism
That makes me wonder if someone made something better then ice cream, ate it all, then couldn’t quite make it again.
There are some things humanly possible that no human on earth has done.
Bobs Burgers would also be an appropriate title for SpongeBob SquarePants.
Food commercials advertise a taste without using tastes
Only birthday
Everyone’s talking about Baby It’s Cold Outside being offensive when Santa Baby is basically about a girl whoring herself out to Santa for expensive gifts.
Were in the drunk, suicidal toddler phase. Crazy little shit
>do nothing  Yeah all they do is convert carbon dioxide to oxygen, not really that important. 
Was traveling from Thailand to Hong Kong a few days after 9/11.  I had a multi tool and asked, before security, what I should do.  The people at the desk told me that they would put it on the flight and it would be ready for me in Hong Kong.  They checked my leatherman.  Put it in a little paper envelope and it was there on arrival.  China Airways as I recall. It was brilliant.  Probably wont do that now.  I had a little swiss army knock off. You know, 1 small blade, 1 fingernail file, tweezers and toothpick.  They wouldnt let it on the plane from TPA to JFK.  So I went to the parking garage, found a dark corner and dropped it there. Came back and retrieved a week later.   
Saammmmeee
False. My mom let the mailman in the house all the time before I was born.
any time ive ever truely missed someone Ive always thrown in the ! to mask how much I really miss them
I remember during my kindergarten days in 2002 we had “Pokémon battles” with the trading cards. Nobody knew the rules lol. It ultimately was a contest of who had the coolest looking card. Two people would draw a card and place them down while the crowd of onlookers voted on their favorite. I had a basic pikachu card that would always get beaten by this other kid’s holographic Charizard. The good ole days 😂  Edit: Thanks for the likes! It looks like a lot of people can relate to this! 
That’s cool to think about. Or Team Earth in the Planetlympics.
What up, Ron Swanson?
Everyone always says they want the truth, until they hear it.
Sometimes brownie points are worth more than dollars.
Thats bc they never showed Janes Womens Lifestyle blog, Elroys Twitch channel, or Judys webcam.  EDIT: Heres the original post (wtf Reddit)
And all we use it for is to look at our house.  Edit: thank you kind stranger
A shower is just domesticated rain
I do notice my older phones get slow but doing a factory reset on them helps a ton. Phones get full of junk, purge them.
I think its more impatient than lazy. Lazy is taking the elevator up one floor when you know fully well you can take the stairs in less than half the time.
When my phone has 1% remaining Im desperate to find somewhere to plug it in. When my life reaches that point Ill be hoping for someone to pull the plug out. 
Just lick it up off the floor, nothing goes to waste
I have a purpose at last!
My parents have one of theirs made of plastic. Probably issued in the early fifties 
r/puns
Donkey Kong isn’t even a donkey.
Slightly more acceptable if you lie and say you did all those hardcore drugs years ago, back in college, and you *totally* are clean now
Umm yeah.....
The average person today has more luxuries than nobility and royalty had for the majority of human history.
When rappers get face tattoos, all they’re saying is that they’re successful enough to never have to try to get a normal job.
The ’ueue’ in queue aren’t silent, they’re waiting their turn.
Reads up on Napolean’s love letters.  He went on and on about wanting his lover to refrain from bathing for days before he saw her...
I once caught an elderly lady just as she was about to fall on ice....she was skinny (Im a female) so I could hold her weight.   As I righted her she said Im NOT old!  And I had to say No...of course not...Id have expected you to catch me if Id slipped on that ice patch  She seemed happy with that.
Reminds me of a Louis CK bit:  *All my kid does is play video games!*  THEN MAYBE YOU SHOULDNT HAVE BOUGHT HIM A FUCKING VIDEO GAME.
Hiter was an artist who gave up on his dreams
LCDs would work better than what glasses use 
The fact that the death of a scientist is headline news worldwide is in some ways the most fitting tribute Stephen Hawking could possibly have.
Creating a new account because you lost your 2FA app and backup codes is like buying a new house because you lost your keys.
Just dont do it with a glass plate. I hear bloody, glass filled nachos give you the runs something awful.
And au jus would be Au AU au jus!
People pity pets owned by homeless folks more than they pity strays that have no one trying to look after them at all
The only people forced to see anti-piracy warnings are the people who dont pirate movies.
Nowadays it is almost rude to ask a question instead of Googling it first.
We can refute your claim all we want, but we cant prove you wrong if you dont put forth an argument to back up your claim.
I know the court of owls have been trimming the wayne family tree since alan wayne.   His closest living relative would be Bob Kane, his maternal uncle, and his cousin Kate aka Batwoman. I also think Bob didn’t want the wayne fortune, he actually hated Thomas Wayne and felt that Alfred was more than appropriate. 
The big cat conspiracy.
*Marty McFly would like to have a word with you.*
This may be more meta than you realize, OP.
The first guy who heard a parrot speak probably wasn’t OK for a couple of days
Its in the middle of the wall so that I can *make* the bed, but I dont make the bed, so I might still be three kids in a trenchcoat.
Acceptable practice would have been better. 😉
I guess its the HANDIEST spot..  I dunno I tried
other ways 
Gotta hold your breath, count to 10... or else reboot doesnt work
Technically you're living and dying at the same time
There is no physical evidence to say that today is Wednesday, we all just have to trust that someone has kept count since the first one ever.
Right. Thats why no one lies on the internet
You can wear socks for 18 hrs, no problem. However, if you wear them for more than 30 mins and take them off, they are gross to put back on.
I started playing the game ark with my kids. We all know a lot more about dinosaurs now. 
Yikes, have people been assuming Im 1yo all this time?  Hopefully they were impressed.
I dont think that is how it works 
Peeing in your dream and actually wetting yourself is a dream come true.
Truth exists, its just not knowable with absolute certainty. Thats why we advance knowledge by falsification rather than verification of our theories. 
Pre is the prefix of the word prefix.
Dang ol, lay off em man
and would be incompatible with you normal underwear..
W e   L i v e   I n   A   S o c i e t y
Not sure if you were referring to income tax but most of the funding for public schools come from local property taxes. The Federal government only pays about 8% of public school funding nationwide. Some state taxes fund schools too but it varies from state to state. Some states don’t have an income tax.
The frying pans we use at home are often bigger than the serving sized skillets at restaurants. It would be like grabbing a mixing bowl full of cereal. ...Wait, I just had an awesome idea. brb
I have no other choice than to have my bed against the wall, it doesnt fit anywhere else
Ive been thinking about this recently because I have a long plane journey ahead of me in a couple of weeks.  Ive been loading up my phone with movies, TV shows and video games.  It occurred to me that my fellow passengers may look down on me a bit when Im playing the games, but probably wont bat an eyelid when Im binge-watching TV shows.  (Not that I care in the least by the way, just something that occurred to me).  I cant think of a better way of making the time go by fast than re-playing *Tomb Raider* and *Tenchu*. I used to play those games for so long that I completely lost track of time.  Maybe its because some people still view video games as something kids and teenagers do, whereas everybody watches TV.
Goofy and Pluto are really in a 24/7 BDSM pup play relationship.
it was available in my country.. its just that i live in a hole (between 2 mountains) so i could only see the last 10-15 minutes ;n;
I wondered about this to mainly because perfume commercials are so vacuous: I am wind....I am ethereal, I am the representation of the Goddess Moon and the hairs on a mosquitos back....Trident. Expressive. Arctic chill...this is me, this is you says the woman fleeing a sparkly room of diaphanous bedsheets and masked New Guinea tribesmen. They could not get more goofy. 
Battlefield V Squad Reinforcements are just their version of COD Kill Streaks
As time goes on, the more Ive forgotten the Kardashians exist.
Applying contemporary internet and political culture to a childrens book series.   Quality work
Yeah, its one of those things that can make something totally different.   Kind of like with/without smileys:  - Yeah, thats a terrible idea - Yeah, thats a terrible idea :)  Repeating letters:  - I love you - I looooooove you - I love youuuuu
3 and 4 day breaks only make you feel rested if you dont feel like youre behind. Ive been playing catch-up constantly on multiple projects for like 6 months now, and theres always so much more to do that even when I try to relax on the weekend, or a long break, I dont feel any better. The projects just hang over me all the time and stress me the fuck out.
So is reddit like the guide channel before there was digital guides. You just watch it pass by over and over again hoping something else will be on.
It definitely can, especially when someone’s perception has influence or control on the situation at hand. This is why I always take the time to try and change someone’s mind for the better no matter how stubborn they are. If you can change one person’s perspective for the better that’s a big win. That’s one person who will be more well informed and educated as a voting citizen. Or it could affect how they treat their family. Just because someone’s perspective doesn’t directly change the situation, does not mean that they can’t indirectly change the situation. The biggest concept is voting. I encourage political discussion and an open to having my mind changed as well as trying to change others minds. To a lot of people it seems like it’s not worth the time and it definitely is, you just can’t see the impact because it’s indirect and it’s always worth a shot and giving the benefit of the doubt. Think of changing people’s mind for the better like sales numbers. They say selling 1/10 people is good. But you have to deal with being told no 9 times out of 10. It’s worth it to have 9 pointless conversations where you waste your time on someone who won’t change so you can have the opportunity to influence the person that is willing to change and you may not of changed them if you had given up on the debate. It’s just fighting for what you believe in and not enough people do it. And now we have an epidemic of ignorant and misinformed people. Half the reason for that is because good people do nothing and don’t put in the effort to try and change a mind for the better when presented the opportunity. 1/10 is good numbers. 
Its more like how hot they are, at least for humans. How hot something feels is more closely related to heat transfer than temperature.   When you grab a book or piece of metal at the same temperature the metal feels colder/hotter because the heat transfer rate is faster.
I despise the people who decided that mens formal wear should be wearing flaccid penises around your neck.
Your dealer checks for ID?  High tech entrepreneur!
Oh I actually got up when my alarm went off today. Now I can take my time getting ready, make breakfast, watch some news, browse through Reddit, and shit Im going to be late for work.
New parents can tell their children that they were ordered from Amazon and delivered via drone.
If Centaurs were real, the bottom half would start walking around immediately after being born, while the top half would be all floppy for the first two years.
Any game in the Fallout franchise would be worth hundreds of caps 
Or hearing one of your favorite come-up artists finally hit the radio
If you earn $100,000, and you had a cleaner paid $100,000, you wouldn’t be able to afford to eat, pay your mortgage, etc. By the time you take the cost of living out, what’s left to pass down to the next level, Trickle down economics is bullshit! Long live the revolution!
When you’re texting you’re not actually talking to a real person, you’re talking with the impression you have of them
Except theyre made of nature and many are just lies so natures fucked up anyway.
They believe a giant ice wall prevents anyone from reaching the edge. The earth is a circular disk with miles of ice on the outer edge.  Source: met an actual flat earther on Reddit  [This site answers a lot of questions about what flat earthers believe](https://wiki.tfes.org/Frequently_Asked_Questions#People_have_been_into_space._How_have_they_not_discovered_that_the_earth_is_flat.3F)
Im imaging a caveman trying to get a stick from his wolf-dog only for it to dart away every time he gets within an inch of it. Damn it Gruffles well all freeze to death by night fall!
But the tariffs will be a bitch.
Humans have probably found more ways to cure diseases in mice than in humans.
You only realize you grew up poor when you stopped going at all those fun places when you were under the free admission age.
my hair spikes on its own when it gets wet....
I wonder if theres a band that visits fans going in for routine surgery, just to fuck with them.
Celsius is like, on a scale from 0 to 100, how cold is this water?
We need more of these, these are clever. Edit: I guess you never know what your top comment will be. Cheers, Reddit.
You do its called parking
Much of Amazon.coms Prime Video collection feels as if it were assembled using only films they were able to pick up randomly at yard sales.
In the old days taping your password to your monitor was idiotic. Now its the only place online hackers cant get to it.
waiting for Arnold Schwarzeneggers rise to the presidency...
The first step to conquer the world
People think that, and then suddenly want to take a quick nap at 5am.
These guys are way too damn literal. I agree
Someone said that microwaves should have a midnight snack button so it doesnt beep when it goes off. You might as well sound the alarms when it goes off.
Every triangles a love triangle when you love triangles -Pythagoras 
Women of my generation never say Im attractive, but my grandmothers friends are always saying what a handsome young man I am - leading me to believe I would have been good looking had I lived in the 1930s
[deleted]
Yeah, Ash doesnt seem like the sharpest pokeball on the belt. 
Congratulations you have actually blown my mind unlike most of the other stuff on this sub
That must be kind of frustrating for certain people.  To be the absolute best in your field and never get a shred of recognition.
The Zucc becomes the Succ
Ultimate r/gatekeeping
Yo mama is so old she got a blockbuster card in her purse 
I cant use a smart watch for the stuff I use my smartphone, so if they came out before the phone I wouldnt have bought it anyway. 
The self-improvement/personal growth industry is a symptom not a cure.
well youre not wrong
Kinda weird... The volume of his voice is the same whether he screams or he whispers 
Sand is just snail dust
Today is the five year anniversary of the end of the world.
Manny are allready dead and we do know. Its just not such big of a deal for the masses to be informed about it.
Amen 
True, true. I like this one
Google is a verb
Baby teeth come with a one time warranty
And who says that? r/fellowkids?
I used to work in a machine shop with this older gentleman . Some of the other guys there would ask him if he got lucky last night and he would reply with, yep, got a full 8 hours of sleep!
And here is where the first dick on mars was drawn decades ago
Just say no to drugs.  .... I can say yes to them?
Whenever someone mentions a story with the world health organization I reply with, WHO and theyll usually repeat themselves at least 3 times. 
I believe thats called agriculture.
Pretty sure its a Pakistanian road.
I had a guy in a little red pick up that I saw every morning for years. The exhaust on this guys truck smelled SO BAD, think rotten eggs marinating in gasoline. It didn’t matter if you were right behind him or 30 cars back either, it was nauseating. My only motivation to leave my house earlier for work was so I would get stuck in front of him and not behind him. When I saw him in my rear view, it was going to be a good day.  One day he just disappeared and never came back, figured he finally couldn’t pass emissions inspection. Now I am late to work almost everyday, no more reason to rush.   Edit: spelling, as it was so kindly pointed out. 
Not if Ive already seen this a million times
Cant do drugs if you dont have the money for them  I live a smart life
Oh man, did you know that in Fallout4, if you mash the button to skip through conversations, your character actually does say stuff like uh huh and come on come on while it skips through the convo?
Under Pressure by Queen is literally 50% Freddie vocalising
That sounds cool as fuck to be honest.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to live in Antartica. The polar bears are extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical biology most of the penguins will go over a typical viewers head.
If its too small, do you put it back?
The older you get and the more professional experience you get under your belt, the more you realize that everyone is faking it, and everything is on the verge of falling apart.
Spooky custom theme music always sucks
Theres a guy who I see everyday at my work in an office next door. Hes super friendly to everyone. Everyone who walks out of that office is in suits. This dude is always sporting sandals and a hawaiian shirt, rides to work on a road bike while his colleagues drive in their nice cars. I always thought he was a manager. I finally looked him up. Hes the founding partner and 2nd in charge at the firm.
Im 30 years old. If Ive got no schedule obligations and Im left completely to my own devices, Ill sleep for 9 hours a day and stay awake for 17.  ... Which results in this sort of slowly rotating circadian cycle where I wake up two hours later every day.
Then you transfer it to a device and the order gets screwed up and  then your brain has a breakdown and your day is fucked. 
Its called that because it has become natural for them to be constantly hunting monsters, super natural even.
I swear they already do that 
The whole premise of iron man 2 is why he doesn’t let people use it 
Dying of old age is like dying of not dying
Mancala type games (of which there are many) were played with holes in the ground and seeds or stones - some of the mancala type games have a comparable strategic depth as chess (like Bao or Oware).  Especially since you can also play knucklebones, footraces, and most every physical sport on the ground, I would argue that the ground is the first-ever gaming platform.
*Whyd you have to go and make the wristwatch complicated?*
Yeah its a dirty job but someone still gotta do it, right? After all, we need a steady supply of morons for the Universe to be in balance, coz yknow, its one of 4 important uhm, stuffs that made up the Universe - its protons, neutrons, electrons, and them morons. 
Either way, airport security doesnt like them
Wasn’t the brain of the scientist that named the brain the one who named itself ? Everyone else is just agreeing with the name 
King Triton is from Greek mythology, Sebastian has a Jamaican accent, and the story takes place in Denmark.
*Bloody hell, whos in charge? The worlds just people walking around, going in to rooms and saying things.*  Mark Corrigan
Ant you see wild strawberries ? 
I didnt realize it was common knowledge that we all sleep well during thunderstorms
I wanna be cremated and loaded into shotgun shells so I can get the last laugh on those damn seagulls that stole my funnel cakes.
They say when pigs fly but What about when they float
Sure you will, they just will look different. 
A lot of people think PaulMcCartney was replaced by a look a like yet Michael Jackson literally turned white and no one questions his identity
r/dadjokes
Couldnt beta heads still get dirty/misaligned and couldnt the tapes still degrade? I feel like a lot of the artifacts we grew up with were the result of worn out/old tape and shitty VCRs. Oh and RF modulation; the first TVs I remember as a kid didnt have composite jacks.   I know beta was a technically superior format, but was it really by that much?   Also RIP Video 2000. My European comrades might understand
One of humankind’s greatest achievements is the standardization of lefty loosey righty tighty
and while in my daily life I rarely operate any heavy machinery, reading the warning makes me want to.
I wont be coming to work tonight.  But its Wednesday, youre on the schedule.  Theres no physical proof it is actually Wednesday.
I don’t fu*k my pet though
I once received an email that claimed to be from Facebook market research, offering me a $75 amazon gift card in exchange for feedback on some new site feature they were working on. My initial gut instinct was this is totally bullshit spam. But they didnt ask me for any personal info or credit card info, so I figured why not?  Turns out it was completely real and I had a video conference where some guy showed me a feature they were planning on debuting and asked me a bunch of questions like does this make you feel like Facebook cares about its users?  I got my gift credit in my email later that day and it was legitimate.
Castle Crashers. My 3 year old loves it. He just moves around while i kill everything. 
Challenge everything
what
Sadly, the first version of this joke I ever heard was the one where the man walks into a bar and says ouch.   So my mental picture is a metal bar, painted black, horizontally mounted at the forehead level.
Wouldnt it be Neo choosing to plug into the matrix after years of fighting the machines?
His full name just looks like a list of people...  Charles Philip Arthur George
To be fair, thats why electricity is so dangerous to us. Its like running High Voltage through thin wires, causing them to short circuit. 
Just like how lock-down drills have taught me how much fun it is to laugh about school shooters while not knowing whether or not youre actually going to die
I always hold in my public sneezes. Dont need any attention, thank you.
I think you mean 1st lifeday. 
Since I got a cell phone, my knowledge of cereal ingredients has decreased dramatically.
I can get behind this message, but I have never heard this until now. Dont think it has caught on quite as much as make love, not war  Or I am just really out of touch
If he were so inclined, Michael Jackson would’ve been well within his cultural right to be throwing around the N word.
Well poorish... it’s all relative!
The worst thing is when you have placed a youtube video on your watch later list, and later or (after you have forgot about it) its deleted and you cant even see the name! Because if you know the name, there might be uploaded somewhere else, but if you cant even see the name, you have an empty link that once you thought It would be great to watch it later, but now you dont know what the hell it was! 
What if we’re trapped here?
You’re getting ripped off man; who’s your human guy?
That’s the spirit!
Im 33 years old and that 18 years old kid inside has already started asking questions.
Jack of many trades, master of none
Or horny. 
There is something to be said about finding the balance that you are the most important thing in the world (to yourself) and the least important thing in the world (to everyone else). Once you can find that balance you realize that you are fully responsible for your own thoughts, feelings and reactions and only those that you allow can have an affect on that. 
Years ago, I would go to the second or third page of results to find what I was looking for. Now I assume I asked the wrong question and try a different wording. Internet search has come a long way. 
Future neckbeards will force themselves to use old timey slang like lit
Dont worry, you have people who care about you and you will find even more ^^ It will get better 
Hey bud. Sorry to have to tell you this...
If you think Google Earth is amazing, try out Google Earth VR. 
Bro noooo. My parents helped me pay for my education and I told my mom I didn’t want to walk at my graduation and just have it sent in the mail or whatever and she was like “You will march your ass on up there and smile nice a big while I get pictures. This shit was not cheap and you’ll stay up there until I have a good picture from every angle. I don’t give a shit if you do a backflip up there or cry or shit your pants but you’re walking”
The setting brings out the characters. It’s a good setting.
So Hostess should be leading the research into obesity? 
Uh, I own a a sword and live on the top floor of my parents house, thank you very much.
Wasnt the opening to one of the movies him trying to get a 100% renewable energy system up and running? Seems like a smart step one. 
One of the best shower thoughts! 
I bough a condo 10 years ago that had a 3 ft. x 4 ft. mirror on the wall behind the toilet. That thing came down as soon as I closed on the place. 
Ree
Really I just watched shrek yesterday and it seems to me that farquads ONLY mistake was choosing Fiona. As far as kings go, farquad was ridiculously successful and wealthy with gladiatorial fights for the people. His fields were completely full of every veggie you could imagine, there were incredible advancements in science(those animatronic dolls were not magic!) and he had an absolutely enormous castle. He expelled a people from his kingdom, yea sure, but he didn’t wipe them out like the rest of monarchs in history typically did.
My dad told me that male nipples are there to show you where to put your hands when lowering a benchpress’s bar.
Or they need to pay their mortgage. 
Somewhere in Gotham City is a group of stoners wondering if Batman could also be Bruce Wayne
https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/aqsw1q/npcs_in_video_games_telling_you_to_enjoy_the/  Wow, you couldnt even wait one fucking day before trying to steal this post. Fuck me, youre actually pathetic 😂   
[deleted]
A new bowl design that eliminates splashback and an integral vent that replaces a ceiling fan so you dont have the poopurri wafting past your nose
But someone has to feed the copypasta machine.
[deleted]
There is nothing better than realizing, after you wake up from having a dream, that there will not be any consequences from the actions that you made in the dream.
If clocks were countdowns, wasting time would be a lot scarier.
Belts by Dr Dre
Cans of WD40 only stay with a family for as long as they feel they are needed.
Instead of being sad about Valentines day, remember that the 15th is 50% off chocolate day
Imagine we discover an alien planet and then one day you go to Alien Bob’s house and he has *Independence Day* and *Men in Black* where humans are the enemies. 
If you would mount garbage trucks with camera’s you could weekly update google maps street view.
Somebody who is immortal could be a jack of all trades, master of all
Fun fact! The duct tape on the mouth thing does an awful job of closing your mouth, and its super easy to break the seal. Check it out! Theres a ton of YouTube videos of it
This made laugh so hard   For some reason the thought of two bots trying to infinitely appeal to each other is hilarious to me
Unless you lived in China?
Before the internet, nerds and fanboys were getting bullied. After the internet, nerds and fanboys became the bullies.
Imagine Golden State Killer watching all the documentaries about himself and enjoying that the police werent able to find him.  Until 2018
Be yourself. Unless youre an asshole.
Also, anything cooked in a pressure cooker.
Wow, your grandmother had puppy dog ears?
The Shrek universe is aware of our universe, the way we are aware of fairy tale things that dont exist in ours, like magic and talking frogs and stuff. Thats how they make so many pop culture references.
Ya, for real. Im average height (510) and every car I get in I have to adjust something to be comfortable driving. Im not about to drive like a little old lady with the steering pressed against my chest or slouched down incredibly low because my feet just wouldnt reach the pedals.
If EA could go back to Challenge Everything instead of Monetize Everything Id be so happy. 
Not where I used to work. Cafeteria was amazing and and not all that expensive. 
ive never been handy with stuff involving any type of tool. but, last year when our garbage disposal broke, and I was able to fix it with a quick google and a trip to Home Depot, I got hooked. From then on, any time something breaks, i absolutely insist on trying to fix it myself. it drives my wife crazy, but it is fun and rewarding
Putting stuff on the curb is a yard sale but everything is free
Ethics is the bane of progression
Its called confirmation bias. You tend to believe things that you prefer to be true and try to dispute facts that you may not like. 
My niece saw the retro troll doll in Toy Story and said Hey look, its old Poppy!
The original sherlock holmes novels and Sherlock take place over 100 years apart, and they didnt have to change Watsons backstory as a soldier injured while fighting in Afghanistan.
Yes. There is a fine line between being introspectivley deep and just stating the severely obvious. This is the ladder. Shame.
Completely agree. There is something almost instinctively horrible about watching an old person fall over. And even though no one finds it funny I cant help but keep pushing them over.
I fool my dick. I shake and everything when I’m done but I’ll pretend to put it back in my pants and whip it out again, leaving the last drop for the bowl.   Edit: Thanks for the gold! 
Most likely saw one first, then proceeded to try to recreate it.
One day Rick Astley will die and no one will click on the headline.
Unless you wake up after a night of heavy drinking and realise that all the terrible stuff you got up to last night was real.
With this dongle beautiful crafted and machined from the highest caliber aerospace aluminum you can easy dock. The price? Who cares. People who dont even need it will buy it.
My vegetables don’t get me high though.
Then what does a cartoon see a live action as?
I know that this is half in jest, but man does it ever make me sad as I think about the current state of the gaming industry.  Pay full retail price for our game! Now pay X dollars to be able to play with this character! Now play X dollars to have a *chance* to unlock new accessories and upgrades for that character!  I feel like we have nothing other than mobile gaming to blame for this nonsense becoming so prevalent in console/PC gaming.
maybe another dictionary?
Great job on [saving yourself the effort of thinking up something that follows rule 1!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Iron+man+is+technically+a+Fe-male) 
Remember me when you reach hot.
Taking a multi vitamin after eating fast food makes the meal nutritious
Going out and getting drunk makes you think youre using a throwaway account only to realize when you wake up the next day that it was your main the whole time.
Baby sitters with a higher % chance of getting shanked
It’s like using mint body wash on your balls and having a cold shower. 
I feel like my arms could probably support my weight if my wrists werent so flimsy.
Only if you think salted and salty are the same thing
What youre trying to say is that you eat them because they are good for your lies.
What If youre in the porn?
The worlds fattest parkour artist could also very well be the worlds best Super Mario cosplayer.
Maybe thats why they got sacrificed in the first place
EA is going to give everyone Jar Jar dlc for free to please the fans. remember what George said, Jar Jar is the key to all of this.
A couple things going on here, I think.   1 - We dont offer unconditional respect to elders so much these days. There are pros and cons to this, but the most positive outcome of this, to me, is that being old does not mean you are wise, there are plenty of old fools. I have friends from other cultures in which your elders are always right, and you must defer to them. Thats not a bad thing to get away from, to an extent.  2 - We live in an age of progress unlike any other time in history. For much of human history, knowledge was almost fixed. Breakthroughs came at a much slower rate. Particularly in the last century, the rate of progress has accelerated a great deal. What my parents understood as fact when they were young is no longer valid i.e. alcohol to warm a freezing person, or X-rays being harmless (you could buy scales that showed you a live x-ray of your feet), smoking, Bohr model, etc. Today, what I learned last year is already contested and outdated.  This applies to politics, philosophy, and science. I feel like its easy to have an opinion or cite a study that is 6 months old that people will call outdated these days. Doesnt help that media reporting on science is often overblown and lacking in fact-checking.  I do think that there is much to be learned from experience, and we should heed the experience of our elders, and we are too quick to dismiss valid contributions because they are given by people with... less contemporary outlooks on life. What I mean is we tend to dismiss people who might have valuable knowledge simply because they might not be politically and philosophically in the same modern place as us, which is unfair because people are largely a product of the timeframe and political atmosphere they grew up in.   But we seem to have such arrogance when thinking of people of the past, like we have all the answers. Hubris!  EDIT: Wow, thank you for the Silver and Gold!
Greetings Earthlings, it is us, your nubile and constantly horny step-siblings
Like lying in court:   Prosecutor: did you commit the murder?   Accused: no   Prosecutor: do you know what the penalty is for perjury?   Accused *leans into mic* : much less than murder
I’m pretty sure that’s not how it works. 
Also my farts, sometimes 
Youve thought about this quite a bit havent you
Eh, in that universe the scarers are more like elite astronauts. They venture into a dangerous realm and face deadly threats for the greater good.  No one respects the rank-and-file factory workers, like Mike Wazowski.  Get back in the shower and think on this some more.
Same as the winner of Tour de France will be the guy with the lowest drug rate.
As a bald guy, I forget people have to do stuff with hair. I just go places.
If the wizards in Harry Potter really wanted they could create a society with unlimited food, space and energy that could vastly improve Humanity as a whole, instead they just hide like assholes.
Someone’s never been to NYC.
You wanna bet?  NIMBUS!!!
I do the same with my Nephew, however once the Hahah! Im so much better than you at Halo, Uncle Jay! Youre so bad! starts then its time to shut that fucker down and bring the pain. 
I dont know how strong you are but grinding up rocks isnt something I do on a daily basis
The concept of having to have your partner let you do something is unhealthy. Its totally okay to express how a situation makes you feel and talk about it but putting a blanket ban on doing certain things just because is really bizarre. 
Im not crying you are
We just opened one in PDX (Portland, OR)! [Hollywood Theater opens micro theater in Portland airport](https://hollywoodtheatre.org/programs/hollywood-theatre-pdx/) 
Someone has already said this less than an hour ago...
Just like being suspended for skipping school.
Who would hear about it?
If your name is pussyslayer84, I assume youre a virgin.
3d models are just digital action figures
Oh man, this is very true
Your thoughts are the only thing you can hear that don’t make any sound
People often forget that there was a time before glasses, which explains many historical myths and legends.
When you cannot sleep because you can’t stop thinking about something it’s like a single program not letting the computer shut down
I should never have chucked that banana peel at that construction site!!!
Boneless chicken wings are chicken nuggets for adults
Former custodian here. I know who you are. Ive made eye contact with you as you left the stall. You know what you did, I know what you did. And I hate you.
Unless they live in those really nice or really bad places!
There is a ton of steel in that concrete.
Its not just him. Its him and multiple different people. And infighting begins to develop. They begin to kill each other, and when the original guys the only person left alive in the shelter, he decides to kill himself by radiation poisoning. He opens the door and sees the town, just as it always has been...
Get a bluetooth odb reader and some apps on your phone. Set and done.  Edit: OBD reader, sorry. I think OBD II these days.
Being a pet owner is like being a sugar daddy. You waste all of your money on keeping them happy, and the only thing they do is look cute and give you attention sometimes.
i mean, i think almost anything would be a lot scarier under those circumstances
Interesting 
If it’s dirty it won’t work
I think the worst part is I will now have to pay more on MY car insurance just because it is now a possiblity. There will be a line for Astro-collision coverage.
Yep and I remember that I saw someday an interview of a game designer saying he feel like watch p\*\*\* in public when he was doing it !
If you see someone wearing a $20,000 watch its hard to know if theyre really good with money or really bad with money.
Or after pushing anime girl dolls too far. 
A surprisingly big part of being an adult is trying to schedule a time when you can afford to have a mental breakdown.
But I always put my laundry away completely nude 
Sparta was the North Korea of ancient Greece during the Peloponnesian war
Yep. Can be a real romance killer at times...
Well.. one of my dogs will see the mailman, goes to the gate, keeps looking at him put the letters in the mailbox, and then, the moment he finishes, she starts to bark like crazy to him.
“Would you fuck me? I’d fuck me.”
People who make advertisements for girls toys dont seem to have any idea how girls play with them. Barbies dont have nice civilised tea parties and talk about boys, its more like Game of Thrones except everyone is a lesbian
[deleted]
We’ve woken up almost daily for 8000+ days in our life and STILL haven’t gotten used to it
Orange drink 
Hard of hearing and dyslexic. I try to hide it everyday.  Man can I relate to this one. 
Stage direction: Upstage  William Shatner: Dont mind if I do...
If you donate blood, you’ll always be someone else’s type.
Or after running into a brick wall at the train station
The process of eating fun dip is really sexual
We tend to romanticize the poor who are geographically far away from us and demonize the poor who are nearby.
When I get up 10 minutes later, I treat it like 2 hours less and end up early for work.
Dont forget the extra long receipts and coupons that print out when you are leaving which everyone just trashes anyways. 
I dont think we ever be able to know the coordinates in the universe. We dont know where the center is, or what direction would be altitude, length or width. 
Same as it ever was.
You ungrateful piece of Shit!   So did I. 
I usually have mine in the shower. I can cry without anyone knowing, blame my red eyes on soap, and then stare at myself in the mirror to pretend Im in a soap-opera.
Nah, my cat Charlie is just fat and uncoordinated. You know how most cats will jump away if you give them a gentle push (to get them off the table for example)? Charlie will literally just hunker down harder. Or if he wants to jump somewhere he does it but knocks things over. I think he just forgets hes not a tiny kitten anymore (though he was a clumsy kitten too).
Child: OMG mom Im so in love!   Mom: Nope pretty sure youre just a moron 
I work night shift.   Watching the clock go from 2 am to 3 am during working hours last night was glorious.  We worked an hour less, and still get paid for that lost hour. 
Id say quitting cable tv is the same way. After a year of Netflix/Hulu only, its insane how much commercials, laugh tracks, and general shit quality tv people pay hundreds to sit through. 
Whenever you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger
Times New Roman 12pts
Babies literally suck the energy from their moms to become more powerful
House dust is largely dead skin. Sand is silica (rock fragments) and calcite (from shells).  So no: one is not just a larger example of the other. 911 was an inside job. Peace
yes, and?
Is this what Alt J meant by “three points where 2 lines meet”?  Because that lyric has bothered me for years.
Yo mama so old her birth certificate is in hieroglyphics
Some women want their outfit to be noticed. As a male, I would prefer nobody noticing it so I can still wear it the next day.
There are those who eat the hotel breakfast before going to sleep and those who eat the hotel breakfast after they wake up.
Finally, the phone companies catch a break 
I mean, I clean pee off of the toilet seat so I don’t have to sit on someone else’s pee...
People are going to pay so much for a, Made on Mars label.
fossil fuels comes from plants, mostly algae, not dinosaurs 
I think that would burst my eardrums
When you remember how old you now are is like those days where you think “Wow, it’s X o’clock already”
Once, in a dream, I fell in love with a girl. When I woke up I felt like I had lost someone important, but the reasons why were slipping through my fingers. 
Huh in that case I havent found the power button in dating then.
with soft tacos, you just made a mess. 
I travel a lot for work and always keep currency from foreign countries as bookmarks. Asian countries tend to have really high denominations that are worth very little in Euro or USD.  Its also a great conversation piece when someone catches a glimpse of your weird Monopoly money.
The filters being his large variety of mental ilnesses.
I tried doing both. Failed at both. No regrets
das ist dumm.
People would just probably sleep with blank pillows since their waifu would leave.
Actually, translating anything to english is way better than translating anything to portguese or japanese, or any other language. They just improve one line of translation.
It happened to me once but the person just kept talking really fast and I couldnt get a word in to explain that it wasnt me. After a while I decided that it would be too awkward now to admit it so I just went with it and pretended that I was my mom.
Then what does that make your mother
Star-Lord from the Guardians of the Galaxy movies probably still thinks Santa is real. He was taken from Earth as a kid and then raised in space around aliens and crazy creatures the rest of his life. He probably assumes Santa is an alien.
With great power comes great responsibility 
i have a toaster that blackens bread at about the 2nd setting and it has 5 settings which terrifies me
Im predicting this gets 40k upvotes.
I had one of these about why the things on a clock are called hands.   Mind....Blown....
Im not scared of a computer passing the turing test... Im terrified of one that intentionally fails it.
Nah, running from cops is!
Probably 
Minus the leader with stupid haircut
You remember that time when dad tortured us.... by eating the last of the Captain Crunch right in front of our faces?   Yeah, he wouldnt stop laughing... 
A 10+ day vacation and you remember what it means to be a human.
Somewhere out there, there are two people who are so bad with their social skills that theyre indistinguishable from bots and end up in this same situation
Its worth 2.5 humans to be exact.
The only part of your reflection you can lick is your tongue.
But both are better with someone else
1. Aliens might be aiming for land.   2. We might well never *know* about aliens that crash land in water. I mean hell, sometimes we cant even find airplanes that crash in water, and they have a number of systems designed to help us track and find them. 
You can rearrange 100 to a percent symbol (%) by moving the number around
No alien civilization has figured out how to delete the universe.
*cries in testosterone*
If it where to do as you said and raise up to the top bit by bit on midnight. Then it would have to raise 4.6356164384 inches at the start of every new day at midnight.  Edit: Or 4.90602739646 millimeters per hour.     Edit2: Or 81.7671233 micrometers a minute.        Edit3: OR 1.3627853883 micrometers a second. 
Well, its not like you can get a kale salad from a vending machine 
Wearing them for 18 hours straight is a long ass time. And I don’t think I’ve done that since I was a kid maybe. But I do get your point, get all damp
True. 
“Mindblowing”
Grandma didn’t change though. We did. 
For a non-native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the highest understanding of language. As a native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the lowest understanding of comedy.
Back in my day country men sang about barbeque stains on their white T-shirt
Within every bearded man is a man with just a weird mustache
Its surprising there arent any conspiracy theories that the ocean is bottomless because most people have never been to the seafloor.
After playing Mass Effect, it makes me think space-magic enhancer :P
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7492   > [An INCREDIBLE stash of old abandoned cars.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_y9-2l_SXc)
Old trailers did not do the movies justice. New movies do not do the trailers justice.
I consciously do this because Im paranoid :-)
The hashtag mind blowing is extreme in certain cases, this may be the one that proves that.
[99 % Invisible](https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/u-t-b-a-p-h/) episode about this. 
sperms are viruses
Its really creepy that we turn living, breathing animals into nuggets, patties, links, and pastes.
How about orgy pits? Surely there will be orgy pits as usual.
Giftcards are just money that expires.
Very true. They’re not direct anymore, either, since they go through a scanning or filtering or whatever they do first, I guess...
I’ve heard that if you surround your entire essay by two white colored **”** then when ou turn it in to turn it in.com it won’t be able to check your essay since it’s all one big quote.
He wasn’t even the hero of his own movie. 
Fire isnt even an actual thing. Its just hot gasses.
And water?
We make fun of NPCs in stealth games for seeing something suspicious and then forgetting about it,but we do the exact same thing in real life just after a longer period of time.
So true. That is why the bidet upstairs is never full of water.
Man that is so ducking true.
Age gets less specific as you get older. 5 days. 3 weeks. 18 months. 5 and a half. 18 years old. In your 20s, 30s. Middle aged. Old.
Battle Royale ultimate edition
It was produced by the Sacksville Baggins. 
Thats the business version of Honey, the restaurant there well eat tonight is a surprise, and then picking one idea from your wifes/girlfriend expectations 
I dont know. I have some pretty wild cactus stories that women tend to cling to
Weve always been at war with Afghanistan. 
This happens regularly:  Guy at the store:  Can I ask how much you pay for cable?  Me: $0.  I dont have cable  Guy:  Well, I have a program that could save you a lot of money with (insert company name).  Me:  How are you going to save me money off $0?  You are going to pay me to use your service?  Guy: ....
Lumping the whole desktop into a folder titled desktop is like throwing the whole bunch of clothes into a closet. 
0.001% of his money is a mindblowing amount to me, and would change my entire life...
Because people who sing regularly notice where they can improve and certain pitches that they don’t sound good at.  While big Dave doesn’t sing often so when he does break out into song it’s horrible.
But what if you’re a pole vaulting limbo enthusiast? 
[Relevant](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-07-13)
Well, at least you got to release the rage in a harmless way.
Oh shit, this is real. I got anxiety just reading that
Imagine getting the first ice cream headache.
My favorites list is quite eclectic so when I skip, its not because I dont like the song its more about the mood Im in.
what about the heart?
No matter how much you slept, waking up 5 minutes before your alarm makes you feel cheated out of a whole nights rest
If something has to tell you when to laugh it probably isnt that funny.
I hate to spend $6.50 on six pieces of raw chicken, but dont hesitate to spend $5 on one chicken sandwich.
Best feeling in the world is your cell saying you have 9 hours and 22 minutes before alarm goes off and you are in bed browing Reddit.  Worst feeling is same night phone now says you have 5 hours and 57 minutes and you are still on Reddit.
Ninjas wear masks to disguise their identities, but ninja turtles wear masks so we can determine their identities.
No 
Rather than clean, before you exit just say loudly “what kind of animal doesn’t clean his piss off a toilet seat when done?!?!”
Cell phones have greatly reduced bathroom graffiti
If I think life is pointless while on the internet, Im a millennial. 
When robots are ruling in 2029:    Telling my human to tell my other human to start working creates a weird biological hierarchy in my household.  -RoboOverlord360NoScope
Youre completely full of shit. 
Oh god 
This is the plot of *A Fire Upon the Deep*. Archeologists accidentally wake a 5 billion year old super-intelligent computer virus.
Deep 
No shit, Im studying in spain and am level 8 out of 9. I have a mandatory class that they put me in to learn slang, basically. I literally spend 90 minutes twice a week talking shit with a professor and 8 other students. 
denver international airport has this! its great. ive used it more than once
If you won the award of the first man to break two world records, that would make it 3 awards, and you win the award of first man to break 3 records, now you have infinite awards
As a guy, normally I put some water in my hair in the morning.  For special occasions, I put a bit more water in my hair.
Unfortunately cant use VPNs to get around this region-restricted content
A Gas Giant is just a Cold Star.
An Econ professor once told me that we greatly underestimate their benefit to social security 
In America,  Drinking age is 21  Voting age is 18  R-rated movie age start at 17  Age of consent in most states is 16  Adult ticket prices start at 13
A zombie apocalypse would be great for necrophiliacs.
This is why I hate thieves. Theyre not just taking stuff, theyre taking the lifetime (literally, the bit of time in your life) you spent getting it. Time is the only thing you can spend and not get more. Its the ultimate currency. Spent sleeping, working, watching TV... Its not just traded for money and stuff; its constantly traded for pleasure and other quality of life things.
For a second there I thought you were telling me Snoop Dogg is now 60 years old.
Which would result in me celebrating the day after. Much like valentines day. 
Upvote well deserved
I think it’s also the universal SO response of, “I can’t help you. Go unconscious for a while”
Divorces would be a lot more awkward if the groom had to formally return the bride to the brides father
Lol. True.  Happy cake day!!
Nah
One day the speed of light will double and we will know it was a hardware upgrade. Simulation confirmed.
Following that logic sleeping bags are power bank for human
Want to bump some 80s?  How bout some 1880s Tchaikovsky bitches!
Maybe flies and mosquitoes are just annoying assholes who got reincarnated in annoying assholes
Slow down Satan
If you go through life assuming everyone is an idiot, you might be pleasantly surprised! ....But usually, you’re just right.
Was this sparked by that r/facepalm post?
does that mean some corrupt cops could be undercover good cops seeing what other cops are corrupt enough to be corrupt cops, and therefore criminals? r/hmmm
Saying uh huh in phone conversations with my mom is like mashing the button to speed up NPC conversations in video games.
Explain 
Sometimes I envy my cats. They don’t work, don’t pay rent. Have all the food, toys, and boxes they want.  On the upside I still have my testicles, so I got that going for me. 
Here are more examples : Brick manufacturers, art material suppliers etc.. 
Tint=When you add white;Shade=When you add black
What if somebody went through the drive-through without a car but walked around like they were sitting in a drivers seat and made car sounds with their mouth? Would that qualify enough?
genetics took care of that for me. :/
Autocorrect can suck my duck
Pokes a horse and whispers “can you talk too”
I dont know. I think the current earrape ad campaign is really effective. 
Like *gullible* - Im pretty sure most dictionaries spell that word wrongly.
Smart phones are probably responsible for reducing graffiti in public toilets
No matter what kind of calculator I am using, I am going to hit clear multiple times.
Being hungry and being thirsty is your body telling you that youre going to die
Those days are already behind us. I don’t even trust this post 
If you have problems remaking movies, you can at least buy rights to adapt or remake their rip-offs.
Unfortunately, you could only go for the world record for “the longest time it takes to not breathe until you die” once.
Wasnt it supposed to be a masquerade ball? So she would be wearing a mask, thus why he couldnt remember her face. 
Nazis are not a protected class under the 14th Amendment. 
I guess you have never had to sit through Veggie Tales.   You are technically a fruit, and with that much being said, your umbilical equivocal is up there on your head!
Humans are the only thing that can be natural and man-made at the same time.
Don’t underslap your chicken or you’ll get salmonella
Reddit in 10 years:   *Remember when The Onion was complete satire and not the most trusted news source in the U.S.? Pepperidge Farm remembers.*
One of my best friends said this to me a few years back when I thought I fucked up something beyond repair: Look dude, its not like you killed their dog.  Fuckin relax.  
If we were to continue from where we last left on in previous dreams when having new ones, there would be no way to differentiate dreams from reality.
Somewhere in that single cough is hidden the word asshole or some such varient.
In a similar notion, when the asshole behind you does some crazy stunt/speeding to get past you only to get stuck behind the person you were stuck behind. 
The Kardashian family is made up of a man who transformed into a woman (Tiresius), sisters who so ravenously crave attention theyll do anything to get it (Harpys), and a mother slowly turning to stone due to plastic surgery (Niobe). The Kardashians are Greek myths come to life for the 21st century.
Oh so my anxiety is legitimate 
I thought it was so parents wouldnt feel like their kids were shit.
Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you cant cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.
I signed up for Amazons credit card for a $50 Amazon card.  Never used the credit card, but the Amazon card worked just fine....
I think of myself as a crane operator as I day dream behind the wheel 
In the age of everything, tbh.
Some places make you show them your baggage receipt which matches the tag on your bag.   But i guess most places dont. One time my dad caught some guy walking out of the airport doors with his travel bag of golf clubs. He confronted the guy and the guy just said oh, gave it back and kept walking out of the airport without a bag. As in the motherfucker drove to the baggage pickup building just to steal a bag that looked expensive and try to leave with it...
[deleted]
Whats worse is when youre arguing over text messages and the person youre arguing with types faster than you.
I always interpreted birds as saying, Im over here!    Im over here!   And the, in case you want to fuck part is all subtle and implied.
Not true. Those things dont matter to the voters. Otherwise Casey Affleck wouldnt have even been nominated. 
The tabs on google resemble file dividers.
“I’m James Hetfield of Metallica, and when I have a hard time sleeping I call the Sandman with Ambien. Ambien, Enter Sandman.” 
Sex
Its called camping.
True dat! I can relate.
It gets messy,   *But I know where everything is!*   *Im chaotically organized*   
“How do you set a pool on fire?” It’s very difficult but it’s apparently possible.
Probably not... shareholders would most likely force then to sell less profitable assets 
Remember, there is no sex in the champagne room.
Treehouses are morbid because we’re basically forcing them to carry their dead
More like stuffed turkey
Lol. This was me every morning, a few years back. Running for the bus, 4 in morning. neighbours used to film me and post it to my local Facebook page. Caused quite a stir back in my day.
One of the greatest dangers nowadays is to fall deadly in love with one of those AI generated faces.
Youre basically paying for the convenience of water storage and transport, not for the water or even the bottles (they cost pennies).
The last time I was being chased by a radscorpion.
If millenials arent getting married, eventually they will be blamed for destroying the divorce lawyer market
It means the store is closed. 
This brings up an interesting part of the movie.  Farquad kicks all fairytale beings out because he hates them, be then he attempts to marry a fairytale princess
This isnt original or mindblowing. At least you tried. 
As an EMS worker, Ive been able to walk up to the drive-through. Mostly because the ambulance wouldnt fit.
Yo momma so old she gets booty calls on a telegraph. 
So whos driving? is going to be the dad joke of the decade when self-driving cars are more of a thing
But far more rewarding
This is called the fixed point theorem. If you have a map of the place you are in then no matter how you flip, rotate or crumple it up as long as there are defined boundaries, no holes and you dont cut the map, at least one point on the map will be directly over the point it represents. Thank you vsauce!  Edit: as some have pointed out, exactly one point is over the point it represents, not at least one
In contrast I was able to learn AutoCAD because they offered it for free to students.
Youre forgetting about avoiding monthly article limits.
Move the letter t in basement and you get bat semen
Okay, Phil, its your turn.  I dont want to play this anymore.  Youre just mad because it keeps landing on me.  Thats because...  Look, I get it, okay? Im a bit bigger than most people.  No, its...  You dont have to lie to me. I have a mirror. I notice when my pants dont fit.  Its just that...  Really, you arent going to offend me. Theres just a higher chance of it landing on me, right?  Theres also the fact that were the only two people playing.  ... Well, yeah. Nobody else wanted to.  ...  Anyway, go ahead and spin, Phil.
There wasnt actually a message. Its just some flavor presented by NASA.   https://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/43466/was-opportunitys-last-message-to-earth-my-battery-is-low-and-its-getting-dark
you all joke, but I legit couldve gone pro if it werent for the fact that I absolutely sucked ass at every competitive esport
It’s weird to think that nighttime is the natural state of the universe, and that daytime is only caused by a nearby, radiating ball of flame
That dead air silence when no one answers was so uncomfortable for me.  Im not gonna to answer, but please someone else do it!
Early childhood educator here! The reasons given above as to why kids repeatedly ask “why” are pretty spot on. One reason I’ve come across in my career is that some younger children aren’t articulate enough yet to keep a conversation going. Often, asking “why” is a way to keep the dialogue going between the child and adult. Sometimes they just want to keep talking with you :)
I had a 15 minute conversation with this random guy in Walmart who seemed to know a lot about me. I didnt recognize him until the next time I saw him, at his job, at 7-11.
Torontonian here. It literally started raining and thundering right before it came up and resulted in me missing the entire thing. Plus it was the Mars opposition and I missed that also.   Then my fucking power went out for 3 hours.
> In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.  * Samuel Johnson
From our perspective sure, but not from the perspective of the people of the past:
It is pretty odd isn’t it?
A contortionist would be really good advantaged at hide and seek.
We probably had a sense of humor before we were human.
The internet both almost killed off the postal service with email and then made it more needed than ever with online delivery
Theres also a big difference between   * k * kk * k.
What if the anger was unjustified? Theres no context here. Youre basically saying people who forgive are pussies. When in reality, its a lot harder to forgive someone than it is to stay angry. Perfect example, someone kills someone you know in a car accident. Lets say it was an actual accident, neither one was at fault. Do you stay mad at the guy, or forgive him?
Using transition lenses technology for vehicles would be great for those that want tinted windows. Also for those that want to be able to turn safely at night
Throughout history, we as a society have probably lost really important knowledge and shit because other shit was cooler at the time
This is a good shower thought.  Edit: guys calm down
Hard to up-sell from free to a paid subscription if you crash or lock up a customers PC. Just sayin
More like you don’t own this and we can take it away whenever we want if we feel like it without consequences even though you paid for it.
A tall blonde coffee is not exclusive to starbucks. 
You got that the wrong way around.
What is this 30 second rule?
Baby sitters that usually dont fuck the parents. Usually.
Rly I heard Saturn was talkin shit. Uppity bitch
Just press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start  Now youll never die
This is actually so it can break down easily by nature if lost so you dont get your identity stolen, thats also why it says not to laminate it. 
You know youre old when you fall down and no one laughs
When you use a spoon you are just pouring stuff from one bowl to another and then pouring it into your bowels.
oh shiiiiiit all the snow finally melted from my back deck. i know what im doing this weekend. 
Basically. My Dad loves to tease me and say that having grandkids is better than having kids because its all of the joy with none of the work.
Caveman comedian:  So a guy and bear walk into bar. The bartender says, Whatll it be?  The man says, bear with me.
Imma be thinking about this all day now
It would be weird if a human yelled out Anyone wanna fuck? but birds do it all day and nobody cares.
This is a pretty good shower thought.  Even if people disagree with it, they cant say you didnt actually take the time to reflect and expand upon what youve thought.
Do people just happen to have marker pens in their pockets or is it premeditated?
Try using something relevant to you
Irish goodbye is the best way to leave
Imagine if you could actually share your life experiences, the way you think, the way you feel and the way you perceive things instantly with someone if they fully consent to it.  It blows my mind to think of even just small comparisons your mind could make with somebody else with that perspective, but on that type of scale, its simply unfathomable.  I have aphantasia, so I would love to see how other people mentally visualize things.  I dont think my mind would be able to handle it, Id probably go insane or die from shock.
Somebody invented the knock-knock joke, requiring scripted participation, and the rest of the planet just decided to roll with it. Its kinda amazing.
Honestly it would motivate me.
If people grew vegetables like they do marijuana we would have the healthiest, tastiest vegetables ever.
Im so old.  Is this what my life has become? 
Today on How Its Made
Your shower thought is quite impressive. You must be proud. 
Im not a native English speaker (learned English throughout high school) and now have been living in the US for 10 years.   One day there was construction outside of work and they put up fences around one of the entrances. I then complained to my co-worker that it was of-fence-sive to block someones way to work.   Edit: grammar. 
Wouldnt work. Id sing praises for hours for the manager I dont like if it means he gets gone and I get a new manager.
Theres an interesting Dr.Who episode kind of related. A company invents a sleep machine that gives their employees on a space station whats supposed to be the equivalent of an 8 hour sleep in minutes. Needless to say, it goes horribly wrong.    Edit: The episode I was referring to - http://tardis.wikia.com/wiki/Sandman_(Sleep_No_More)    Its one of the worst episodes, imo, and not representative of the series.
Or its so good that you skip it in order to keep it fresh for future listening at a perfect time. 
and is a rip off of Kimba. Disney Is a theft
Re: All the things Ive seen invented, and just...forgotten about...but for like, hundreds, if not thousands, of years. 
I cant speak for everyone, but I usually go to the comments and let them tell me what to believe before I accept it as fact. 
Alright, the loser of this checkers game has to go take a nap in the dark with the door closed.
For those confused the symbol for iron is Fe.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/ahp6v8/spoons_are_just_mini_bowls_with_sticks_attached/?st=JS6GJ1A2&sh=2b90fed9  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/aipvp2/bowls_are_just_really_big_spoons_with_the_handle/?st=JS6GJDAB&sh=1e13ddf5  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/a9x9bt/spoons_are_just_bitesize_bowls/?st=JS6GJJ9M&sh=35731928  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/agecxi/spoons_are_just_small_bolls_on_sticks_that/?st=JS6GJRXO&sh=e7c147b4  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/a8yk6r/spoons_are_just_bowls_with_a_handle/?st=JS6GK1U5&sh=633a034f  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9x7hsj/a_spoon_is_just_a_bowl_on_a_stick_used_to_carry/?st=JS6GKBMI&sh=3e32d058  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9x50ok/spoons_are_just_little_bowls_with_sticks_that_can/?st=JS6GKJ5T&sh=3630127c  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9uj8z0/knives_are_one_pronged_forks_and_a_spoon_is_just/?st=JS6GKQMT&sh=97f1776c  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9zj1sm/a_spoon_is_really_just_a_bowl_on_a_stick/?st=JS6GKWIV&sh=e56a6186  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9w1e0u/a_spoon_is_just_a_smaller_bowl_scooping_into_a/?st=JS6GL5WD&sh=eacada35  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9k7j3s/a_spoon_is_just_a_tiny_bowl_so_when_we_eat_soup/?st=JS6GLENO&sh=9cc07d1b  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9ovzht/a_spoon_is_just_a_bowl_with_a_handle/?st=JS6GLT1S&sh=3465b19c  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9jkbhz/a_spoon_is_just_a_small_bowl_on_a_stick_that_is/?st=JS6GLYP0&sh=cc192112  LITERALLY hundreds more. 
I used to look at board members and senior management as these wise old infallible wizards or something.   Now I see at least half of them are making it up as they go along and really aren’t that clever. 
Ha lol
im just scared of the adblocker-blockers and how to get around them when being forced to see ad hear commercials in self driving ubers
Also giraffes and elephants
If they started a business it would be a monopoly
Here in a couple of years, another more annoying game than Fortnight is gonna come out and they will finally understand how us Minecrafters felt.
Dogs are humans best friends. Nobody gave any credit to horses, yet now horses live in freedom or a luxurious life, are so expensive while most of the dogs live in street.
A lot of porn is.   Most pornloops and virus-payloaded sites have been slain by now by better browsers and protective utilities and such, or just gotten buried altogether, but theres still the odd regret waiting to happen out there.  The second comment goes to a lot of horribly designed news sites too. I absolutely hate mouseover-triggered videos with audio, especially ads. DESPISE them.  (P.S. Upvoted for giving credit to OP)
Kill Bill really helps boost that stat
No. The day you’re born is the day of your birth. A birthday is the anniversary of the day you were born. 
Waking up from sleep and falling right back into sleep is like hitting the snooze button on your brain.
No-one has ever told me that I am one in a million  
Darth Vader grew up saying Yippee! when he was excited
I slept like a baby last night. 2 hours of sleep and a lot of crying. 
Im Australian. If I cant get the tv show legally (through a streaming service, or on tv, youtube or whatever) without being forced to pay an exorbitant amount, then Ill pirate. Ill sometimes get hit by what I call the Australian wall where its basically Not available in your country and then I pirate, because fuck you its not.  Ill also pirate if everybody else in the world is ahead of Australia. Fuck you Im behind. I deserve to be the same as all you!
My school let me apply for lifetime email address during graduation. My school promotes its vast alumni network and the email address help with that
I always thought the message was that its cool to be a fat asshole, but it not okay to be a short asshole.
Unless you round them out! 
Yeah but flies can still get drunk on alcohol. And they screw while flying. How is that a disappointing life?
When I was 6 or 7 I found a dead bald eagle in our yard. I picked it up and took it to my dad and he just took it away, presumably to dispose of this giant dead bird carcass I gave him. Brought it up with him recently and he was all uh, no I would remember that and it definitely did not happen, mustve been a dream. Kind of fucked me up, it felt like such a distinct childhood memory of an event that actually happened and it was just a vivid dream. I even remember thinking how heavy the weight of that damn eagle was at the time.
In the mid 2000s before the explosion of smart phones, there was a company called KGB or Knowledge Generation Bureau. They essentially worked by texting a question to them and they would quickly find you an answer for 99 cents. To find the answers they hired tons of people to sit on their home computers and Google the questions as they came through. They provided a great training course to show the best ways to find answers to questions from Google and I still use these methods almost every day.  Edit: I didnt think this would get this much attention, so AMA I guess. 
Thats when you cling your arms to your body to prevent your sleeves from sliding down further. Also referred to as The Careful T-Rex.
Jessica Jones specializes in Oh, must have been broken looks when someone sees her breaking a lock. Breaking locks is mostly what she uses her powers for in the first place.
We think we matter because were thinking matter.
What Elon Musk did validated every kid who has strapped a hot wheels car to a toy rocket
[Was this your inspiration?](http://i.imgur.com/QGKjQAZ.gifv)
Welcome to mexico
Well it is more of an additive process, not a subtractive process.
Actually, your body should unclog your nose in that case.  If you ever have a stuffed nose the best thing to do is usually to cover every other opening, so your body realizes ah shit, I need to breathe, better forgo the defense against allergens for this more important cause.  edit - not recommended for people with medical conditions, physical objects in their noses, etc.  Please do not use this test in a life or death situation.  I am not a doctor, and take only mild, associative responsibility for the outcomes.  edit 2 - holy shit.. Guess this thread was fairly new when I posted what I thought was some inane comment.
I request socks as a gift every year. Bonus points if they are all exactly the same so I don’t have to fuck around pairing them. 
I can see how some people would think that. Im up most morning and at the gym by 4. Ive seen some bizarre crap getting out of my car to head into the building.   I firmly believe that 4 am is the strangest hour in the day. Those who stayed up super late are going to bed, those who wake up super early are getting their day started. Most people dont interact with each other during this hour because it is a time of sacred solitude to either begin or end your day.  Neither morning or night, yet both at the same time. 4 A.M. is the peaceful hour. Its the perfect time to work out.  
I’m actually a female corgi so better go feed my pups now
If you dont drink alcohol because you have recovered from alcoholism youre admired, but if you dont drink and never have, youre weird.
My 3 cents - stand under a hot shower for a few minutes (or a hot bath or best a sauna) and the warmth will allow your blood to move faster thus more oxygen to your brain et voila - brilliant ideas...
Not a billionaire. But snoop dog fucking crushed it when he went on https://youtu.be/IXMSbmhcc6A
I was born in September
* more cents than sense
Saying uh or um is the human version of buffering
Video games music artists deserve more than they get.
Would have been non-chickens egg though, so by extension it was a non-chicken egg. What hatched was the mutant known as chicken. Ipso facto chicken was first.
If youve ever donated blood, theres a chance it ended up in someone elses erection.
I think it is similar for young girls and teens to see their mothers get plastic surgery for similarities they share. I have a friend who tried to commit suicide in high school because her mom got her nose and jawline fixed and afterwards every person they knew including family members commented on how she was now so  beautiful. My friend had the same exact features. 
Justin Bieber should do his part and take it down. That way all the dislikes will be instantly removed.  Edit: I guess he can reupload it for our viewing pleasure
My dad always told me school was to learn how to learn as thats what we do most of our lives.  Edit: this comment has divulged into a discussion on how poor our education system is. However, I think my dad was trying to instill in me no matter my surroundings, the desire for life long learning with the hope that it would bring with it some measure of success.   I agree that my school did not properly prepare me for learning how to learn. I excelled in school because I was great at the short term memorization needed to get an A on a test. But not all education systems are like that, and we also cannot totally blame them for our success or failure in learning. We need to take some measure of responsibility.
And the oldest person in the world was at one point the youngest 
And 2009 was the last year which could be suitably used as glasses without being weird.   &#x200B;  Its a funny world. 
Especially for English dudes.
Your kid: Man I fucking hate carrots... guess Id better pretend to like them for dad though!
I just texted my brother and mother who i’ve known for near 40 years.   I think i’m communicating with a real person.  
If someone offered to pay for my food and rent for the next 18 years, Id do anything they ask of me. But I complained every time I took the trash out while living at my parents house.
Oh is that what Im doing today, having a panic attack? Thanks.
Oh, dear. 
I feel the same way about pretty much every course and degree Ive done. The more I learn the more I realise I know absolutely nothing.
smartphones are the one theyll considered stupid to carry around.  Think about it, when they created the first cellphone, it was a fucking 4 kg Brick. Less than 40 years later we have tiny chocolate bars with glass as cellphones, and there are foldable screens. Image what we will manage to create in just another 40 years, we can not even comprehend.
i dont think we see too much further than 6,000 years ago  edit More Info: Deneb, at 1,500 light-years away, is one of the furthest stars you can see without help of artificial lenses [source](https://earthsky.org/brightest-stars/deneb-among-the-farthest-stars-to-be-seen)
I was so consistent with attendance in middle school that I got to go to the Stay In School Jam.   I dont remember a damn thing about that day. But I remember every time I skipped school in high school. The moral I learned being that skipping school is way more fun than the Stay In School Jam. 
This belongs in shitty life tips ...
Who ever started the tradition of the groom not being allowed to be present while the bride shops for the wedding dress should be awarded a nobel peace prize.
Also you can get help with your homework in the comments from time to time.
That’s honestly eye opening.
Dating is just hanging out with someone until you figure out whats wrong with them.
A shark eating a human thinking it’s a seal is the equivalent of a human eating a raisin cookie thinking it was chocolate chip
We are all Hitlers for Ants
In western cartoons the main character is in love with the prettiest girl in school and she will never like him. In anime the prettiest girl in school is in love with the main character and the main character is too dumb to notice.
If I were approached by a person 4 feet taller and 10 times stronger than me, Id be very uncomfortable. But toddlers are totally cool with it.
Equivalent to launching Edge nowadays. Yeah, it’s no Chrome, but it’s certainly able to hold its own, despite its history.
In Sweden, we call them maskrosbarn or dandelion child.  The word comes from dandelions ability to grow through asphalt and other almost impossible conditions. Like kids coming out of abusive or horrible conditions growing up. And pushing through, becoming well adjusted adults with little to no emotional baggage, and in good mental health.
And if I can build a wall 6 feet high and 19 miles long with all of my own feces over the years, how long of a wall could we make with *all* the feces that ever existed?
And the less athletic brother of Russell Wilson 
The older I get the more Ive forgotten they exist.
We will probably still have digital keys.
Watch me. 
The more dismembered the animal in your freezer is, the more socially acceptable it gets
[Several people are typing]
How?
You forgot CTRL + S
Since the genie makes real world references in the original Aladdin movie, it would be entirely possible for will smith to say he would wish for fortnite and Marques brownlee
This kind of reminds of FDR buying silence on the radio during a debate/fireside.  Silence indicated the programming was over. Since FDR went first, his campaign bought post-silence; people turned off their radio before the next program thus people wouldnt have heard it.
I wonder what the correlation is between the topics discussed on a toilet stall and the location of that toilet stall. My train station toilet mainly has prostitute numbers and topics similar, whilst my university toilet discusses political parties and why the opposing student party is bad.
All drinks are soup
If they werent fighting, it would be world peace.
Some people also believe that vaccines cause autism in pets....and that micro-chipping them allows the government to spy on you.
And he peaked in highschool!
Conversely, squirrels also act like they know its their *last* day being a squirrel. 
My dad used to drive my side of the golf cart up to the swans because he thought it was funny when they would get pissed off and snap at me. I love my dad.
Noooo you dont know what you really want, only designers know what you *actually* want
Just burped some out.   Forward to your next adventure!
Google translate is the reason I passed Russian, it’s also the reason I didn’t get an A
The only pet Id consider owning is a turtle.  I wont have to watch it die, and in the grand scheme of things Ill be barely a blip on the radar of its life.  I am driven by a desire to serve, and Id rather die than be a burden upon someone else.  With a turtle I can give my all, but not leave a dent upon this world when I depart.  
5 is like an honorary even number.
One time I was on a date with a gal, and we went back to my place and were having some beers and I ended up overindulging (we both did).  I didnt remember much of the night except for that we had fun.  The next day she said I had been like the human version of wall-e.  I just led her around my house and showed her things I loved.  It was such a sweet way to excuse my drunkenness.  Ill never forget it.  :)
Would it be considered genocide if Eve killed Adam?
Why was John68 afraid of John69?  Pedophile sting operations
NPCs in video games telling you to enjoy the scenery are really just the developers telling you to appreciate their game.
Turn this into a script!
Yeah and the UPS truck is even better cuz they never ever play music to let you know theyre out of stuff.  Man, the ice cream truck when I was a kid was always out of ice cream. My mom explained that was why they played the music: to let kids know not to bother getting excited. Though its strange the company still makes them drive their routes without ice cream.   But my UPS truck is always silent, so Im always excited.  EDIT Okay some folks are taking the joke too seriously. I never even had ice cream trucks where I grew up. Im just playing with a meme about the ice cream truck music from a couple years back...
Nintendo Miis were the first Bitmojis.
with prices FROM THE FUTURE
Earth is underrated.
No but corned beef often is. Im about to go to the store to see if they have any left.  Edit: I was successful. Half off corned beef, just finished making it, absolutely delicious. 
Dont tell me what to do.
Either that, or you’re just telling them what they want to hear.  Source: Am social worker. Buds with people until they hate me for not handing them the world on a silver platter.
Yep, men know how to use the toilet properly. You sit down facing the toilet. You use the shelf for your chocolate milk and comic books. When you take your pants off, you put it in the laundry hole in the side.
[Visual representation](https://i.redd.it/2d27z1ctibxx.jpg)
Probably because I don’t keep cups in my bathroom
Imagine how rich you would have had to be 200 years ago to have music playing in the background while you cook dinner
Followed by them then saying “Oh man you’re so blind!”
I remember reading a while ago that when a kid falls down and looks at you if you smile and laugh they won’t cry but if you act super worried they’ll burst into tears. It’s all in the mind.
We can record it I think
With each decade, History classes become slightly harder
The brain is the most important organ of your body according to the brain.
Everybody want to live long but nobody want to get old.
I wonder how many people they have doing that, and how much they get paid to do it
The same moon that we look at is the same the moon that stone age people looked at with wonder!
College is just like those stupid e-textbooks. You’re required to go to college in order to get most internships in order to get real world experience
You know that fake drawer in front of the sink? My RV has a little pull down door and it has rag/ sponge storage. Why is this not a normal thing real houses?
Yes police are allowed to do anything they want please go on with all this sense youre making
Sleeping ***is*** time traveling wym
A - E - I - O - U and sometimes 5
Wondering if humanoid robots have gotten to the point to where they can dance The Robot, like humans use to do on Soul Train, in the 70s...
I dont drink coffee. But dont speak to me before I have eaten breakfast. I need at least 30 mins of quiet to activate my body. If people stress me from the second I open my eyes, then half the day Im pissed.
So what are you?
1.  Get cheapest / easiest monopoly.  2.  Buy 4 houses on your first monopoly, mortgage whatever it takes.  3.  Trade anything to get second monopoly. 4.  Buy 4 houses on second monopoly. 5.  Never upgrade to hotels.  6.  Third monopoly when possible, buy remaining houses.  7.  No more houses, friends cant buy.  8.  Friends check rule book.  9.  Friends get mad.  10.  Friends lose at monopoly.   Bonus: never get asked to play monopoly again.   Edit: apparently it the price jump from 3 to 4 houses per property makes it almost prohibitively expensive. The better strategy is to get 3 per then work on your second monopoly. Thanks /u/TheIntrepid1 for pointing that out.  
Id like it when they care enough about their search result usability to block Pinterest.
I remember the time I found out that sound like a cunt
Incorrect. My penis is 70% penis and 30% your moms saliva.
There are people freezing time and touching girls boobs all the time dude, join us! 
My kids spent a lot of time in the Childrens Hospital last year. Their food was amazing. Most of it was prepared from scratch and it was reasonably priced. If I lived or worked near it I would go just for the food.  Edit: Im getting a lot of comments about hospitals charging patients for meals. To be clear, I was not a patient of the hospital, my kids were, and their meals were included in the cost of their care and therefore mostly paid by insurance. My wifes meals were even included when she was still nursing. 
Unfortunately, its not that straightforward. Even non antivax kids are being killed and the germs are becoming more resistant. So while it might be natural selection, its a threat to all of humanity and not just that family tree.
Youre almost in the same category as turning 21.   Big deal to you, but theres a whole world of people with 21.   Meh.  That said, having a BS in my back pocket at times changed my life for the better.   
Jeff here, soon to be divorced and poor 🤪
When i was 20 my best friend was 45. He was indeed weird and his life was a wreck but he knew. Just looked for anyone who wouldnt judge him. Smartest guy i ever met, but social anxiety disorders can ravage your life. I helped him get out of a dark place and i think we both respect each other for it. We still keep in touch. 
But u can just lick with ur toes???
A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film Predator
Was behind police car on the highway, he drifted into the median, then into outside lane, back into median. After a couple miles he starts driving straight. Got home and landline rings. Hi, we represent the National Chiefs of Police and are raising money for anti-texting and driving campaign. Can we count on your support. They hung up before I could finish telling what I had just witnessed.
One of my best friends (an overweight guy) goes to Anime North every year as the most popular female anime character that year.  https://imgur.com/a/Hsbv9  https://imgur.com/a/6kE1F  
.. and if you’re unmarried at 25 in Denmark, you’ll be covered in cinnamon on your birthday! Weird traditions! 
I dont have the sources but i think they disproved that everyone starts as female
The last one of anything is always the most precious
When you sleep an hour less in average than someone else of the same age. You are notably older in terms of life experience. At the age of 25, it is more than a year.
Nah, Ive seen CoCo and youre totally wrong.
It would also improve the audio quality of all those crappy In-Theater tapings of movies.
Whats the most fuckable Pringles flavor?  Asking for a friend.
Porn stars are actually hired and work for an agency. There are all sorts of contracts and stuff. Camgirls are the ones that are crowdfunded.
If youre optimistic youre either correct or horribly disappointed.  The pessimistic view of optimism
BMW 320i is more expensive than 72 Libyans.  Do we measure our luxuries now in Libyans?  
Humans are just domesticated apes 
Airlines consider you an adult on your 2nd birthday
Harry, take off your glasses! How many fingers am I holding up?
In my life Ive purchased at least 50 cans of WD40, right now I can locate two, Ive never thrown one away, and I have no idea where the rest went
Wait, youve put socks back on after youve removed them? You freak! 
No. I hate the idea of things in the ear
The true moral of the story for The Tortoise and the Hare is more about not being overconfident and taking things for granted, counting your chickens before they’ve hatched, or belittling your opponents, and less about ‘slow and steady wins the race.’
YYYYeSSS!! I mean yikes. 
What
Don’t talk about my ex wife like that !   Edit : I’ve never been married , just wanted to make that joke 
A penny stolen is actually more valuable than a penny earned because you dont pay taxes on it.  FTFY
ITT: a bunch of computers posing as redditors
I would watch this, like a movie from the perspective of the Joker and his henchmen or something. 
When I was in Highschool, I was eating lunch by myself, and a girl asked me if one of the seats at the table was taken. When I said no, she took it to another table.  It still hurts.
So whats the autosave?
400 years ago, owning a nice sword was a status symbol. Today, owning a sword is a good indication that you still live in your parents basement.
Prison guards are just adult baby sitters.
Sleeping on a commute is the real-life equivalent of fast travel.
I lay carpet for quick cash a few days out of the week, and at least one in every 3 houses I find nail clippers under the baseboards. 
I think, for the most part, dodged a bullet implies you were lucky to have not married the person.
[deleted]
Today’s society is in a very “majority rules” mentality these days
Except that in a boneless wing you know youre getting chicken breast, a chicken nugget is ground up everything. 
The true start of where pee is made is in the face. So it kinda makes sense...  Sorta.
Some girls with curly hair straighten it and then curl it again.  My wife does this. To be fair her natural curls look way different than her post-straightening curls. 
Does that mean that babies that manage to escape are hackers?  What about the ones who have an older sibling showing them how to get out?
I am too poor to get this
Actually most serious mental health issues are classified as such because of the effect they have on the wellbeing/quality of life of the sufferer. So with a few exceptions, the opposite of this is true. 
If you use it nowadays it’ll probably work because it’s so expected that nobody will expect it
I’ve worked in mental health for a few years, and I’ve suffered with moderately bad mental health problems myself since I was a kid.   You know when you are a bit unwell, you can tell things aren’t normal and you’re not processing things correctly.   You can feel yourself getting worse, up to a point. When you get very bad, in most cases but not all, you start believing all of the crazy stuff that is in your head. Everyone else is crazy and you’re fine.   When you know you’re nuts, you’re only a bit nuts. When you cross the line into properly unwell, you believe everything that is in your head. You don’t even believe people when they tell you you’re unwell. 
The BIGGEST crossover event happened when I was in fifth grade, and my English teacher came to talk to my French teacher during my French class, and the English teacher spoke fluent French. Blew my little kiddie mind.
You know what that is so true!
Hahahhaha I know exactly what you’re talking about. That adult bread had all kinds of visable additions like seeds and grains. And that stuff NEVER works with PB & J. Imagine pulling out the unsweetened Peanut Butter on accident and trying anyway. Ack! 
I’ll be impressed when Amazon has a  new greeter pop up on my screen from a live feed every time I open the web page.
Even though I have never done it in my life, I am fully confident in my ability to count to 1,000.
In college we were building an off-road buggy, and on the exhaust shield it said something along the lines of WARNING: HOT SURFACE! and right below that it was written in braille.
I can see that.
Well arent you just adorable. 
Pwned 
The world is made up of decomposed dead things.
Funny story...  Back when I was younger we put on a play in highschool called heros. It was about superheroes losing their jobs. There was a door they would enter and exit the stage from as part of the scene.  Suoerman pulled the door when he should have pushed, it was not in the script, and it came right off the hinges because it was just a flimsy set piece.  Our actor fumbled around, gingerly placed the door back on its hole, and from the background our stage manager yelled out, way to go superman very condescendingly. Best laugh we got out of the crowd the whole night. We added it to the script after. 
*hits blunt*
unicorns are technically just horses with a deformed tooth
Dude I work with landscaping, about only 30% of the people that pass by me in the morning say “hello” or “good morning”, but 100% of the kids that I see are always amazed to see me with a leaf blower (or any power tool).  Some of them call me “the Robot” and try to run/hide/play with me and sometimes this is the best part of my day.
Just went to the pisser and there is basically a puddle of piss I front of the urinal. I mean guys we get to stand and piss how hard is it to actually accomplish this without making it? 
If the thumb is not a finger, then there is no middle finger
In my defense I was very focused on what I was doing. Saw the message. Thought to myself  Ill text them back as soon as I finish this. Return to what I was doing. Completely forget I got a message 
It might just be an elephant in the room because they did the same
Agreeing to terms and conditions went from: this is our stuff, don’t copy and sell it to this is your stuff, we’ll copy and sell it”
But surely they also programmed the release of the movie and the movie itself no?  Maybe they did it to test if their program was working still and to check if we had evolved further and they needed to improve the system. If we all started questioning what was going on after this theyd have to. As it happened, only a small percentage took the hint, so they were happy as it wasnt enough people to break their current system. 
You can nut on a nut
aww
Why would it be angry? Pepper is angry as it makes you hot. Salt just makes you thirsty. If anything its sugar that makes you cry.
What
I remember when I was 11 or 12, old enough to remember but not understand, my mom and her boyfriend decided we needed to drive 20+ minutes away to White Castle at 11pm... Looking back and knowing my mom is a stoner everything makes so much more sense...
And the kitchen has plenty of fish too, I assume.
You  can snack on a snack 
we arent using silvered glass to make telescope mirrors.  We will be able to see them.  For your TIL:  The myth that they have no reflection is only for mirrors using silver and photographs using silver nitrate.  Modern technology no longer uses these and vampires have reflections and can be seen in modern digital photographs.  
Seeing a UPS truck as an adult is the childhood equivalent of seeing an ice cream truck
Except Tom Brady, apparently
Nope. Damn it. I forgot to move the decimal. I mean the apostrophe. I guess it is
Deep voice: Youve seen all the best bits.....now.....pay to see the rubbish in between 
The Space Oddity music video by Chris Hadfield is technically the first ever extraterrestrial music.
My lips touched when I stopped to say what the fuck aM I doing?.
Then everyone won today.
Why. I mean its not like radio is going anywhere. 
Drinking water from the kitchen tap seems better than drinking water from any other tap in the house, even though they are the same.
A gold fishs job is to introduce kids to dying
I didn’t need to be called out like this
If I was kidnapped and had my mouth duct taped, I would most likely die because my nose is clogged 90% of the time.
About 15 years ago, I worked with a girl with an ample bosom. We always talked at work and she was cool with me.   One morning, sitting outside before work, she unzips her jacket and tells me to look at her chest.  It was a black t-shirt with small wording:  **^^^^stop ^^^^looking ^^^^at ^^^^my ^^^^tits.**   She shockingly said cant you read?! and started laughing. She was good people.
We dont tell planets that theyre not planets because then they wouldnt be planets. We tell planets that theyre planets and dwarf planets that theyre dwarf planets.
There’s a person out there who hates Bob Ross and Mister Rogers because liking them is popular.
Airports should have small movie theaters for layovers. They would make a killing.
Holy shit, get Pixar on the phone!
You might say its r/mildlyinfuriating
Im lucky enough to live in a country where if I hear an air raid siren I expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune.
If we ever find a way to live without sleeping, we’ve basically just doubled our life span.
And ability.
They cant dance, drive or swim. 
I think the Earth came about as a virus which corrupted the universe
Interestingly, Nixon had a [speech](http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1095/5147778073_7646512c13_o.jpg) ready in case 
My Fitbits strap got damaged and its now day 3 into a 3-week repair. I dont feel like moving. Please dont let this Tamagochi die. 
For me its more like how the hell did I go to school for 7 consecutive hours?
“Curiosity killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back.” is the full quote.   After all, what’s ever more important and human than curiosity?
It could be creepy fun to call the years of craigslist people youve dealt with in the past...   **Hey... remember me? I sold you that chicken coop a couple years ago. Yeah.. yeah! So uh... hows it going? You still have chickens? Yeah? Me too me too. Ah well... nice catching up. Need to call this guy I bought a space heater from....what? no no... its like a room heater, but I suppose it could be used by astronauts.**
its Fronkensteen!
Prepare to see this showerthought regularly for the next week or so.
'Go for broke' has turned from a figure of speech to a way of life.
As a brother of 2 others, I agree, nothing like beating up one of the other with one of them for some good brotherly bonding  Edit: ... wow... a lot of y’all got abused by your siblings, sort of fell sorry for y’all but because I’m the oldest of my brothers I am by default an asshole.
Its only $5 so I wont notice a difference in my account balance!  *Checks account balance, sadness ensues as plethora of $5 purchases does in fact decrease the number*
The Security Guards Of A Samsung Store Are The Guardians Of The Galaxy.
TIL how to make my marriage a success tonight
You should be ashamed. Contemplating your daughters panties in the shower.
Uhhh my cat does almost anything for my attention...
I liked it when he said “you have nice peepee”
Beethoven wrote music that he couldn’t even hear so I think we know who the real hypocrite is. 
TSA checkpoint.  Bet you cant use that entire bottle of Drakkar right now.
“SpongeBob SquarePants” would not be an appropriate title for Bob’s Burgers.
The day the child realizes that all adults are imperfect, he becomes an adolescent; the day he forgives them, he becomes an adult; the day he forgives himself, he becomes wise.  Alden Nowlan  
This is a problem that goes back ***decades*** long before DNA tests were over-the-counter types of things.  School teachers in the 60s, 70s, and 80s when they would teach blood types and basic genetics to their students, would send the kids home with a home blood test. This was supposed to teach them that blood types were inherited from mom and dad. But infrequently a student would encounter inconsistent blood typing from from one or both parents which resulted in awkward conversations. Teachers were often blamed as the cause of family strife.
Just like driving a manual, gotta shake it 3-4 times to make sure you’re in neutral
I prefer the Runescape Romeo and Juliet.   Juliet takes the fake poison, putting herself in a coma.  When your player walks down to the catacombs to bring Romeo to Juliet, Romeo finds Juliets handmaiden protecting Juliets comatosed body.  Romeo instantly falls in love with the handmaid, and runs off with her.  Quest complete.
Saw this posted 20 minutes ago. Wasnt a good post then, either. 
I was raking leaves on our little pie wedge of a shared front lawn. Making a huge pile for my son to jump in.  Theres about 3 feet from the property line to the start of the neighbours driveway.  I figure Ill rake the leaves on his side up too.  Neighbour dude comes charging out of the house, No! No! Just leave them!  I was just gonna do it!  Oh hey, sorry, I was just making the pile bigger for the little guy.  Oh? Ok then, if hes gonna jump in them.  Otherwise though dont worry, Ill take care of my side.  Fine buddy. You do you. No pressure. 
My favorite Barbie game was called “messy apartment”.  I would pile all the clothes in a heap and pretend they were all down on their luck 20-somethings living in a 1 bedroom high rise.   For some reason my mom h a t e d this game and would never play with me :/
this great Banksy quote always comes to mind when im thinking about how much i bloody hate advertising  People are taking the piss out of you everyday. They butt into your life, take a cheap shot at you and then disappear. They leer at you from tall buildings and make you feel small. They make flippant comments from buses that imply you’re not sexy enough and that all the fun is happening somewhere else. They are on TV making your girlfriend feel inadequate. They have access to the most sophisticated technology the world has ever seen and they bully you with it. They are The Advertisers and they are laughing at you.  You, however, are forbidden to touch them. Trademarks, intellectual property rights and copyright law mean advertisers can say what they like wherever they like with total impunity.  Fuck that. Any advert in a public space that gives you no choice whether you see it or not is yours. It’s yours to take, re-arrange and re-use. You can do whatever you like with it. Asking for permission is like asking to keep a rock someone just threw at your head.  You owe the companies nothing. Less than nothing, you especially don’t owe them any courtesy. They owe you. They have re-arranged the world to put themselves in front of you. They never asked for your permission, don’t even start asking for theirs.
Is the fidget spinner dead? I wouldnt know I never go outside.
I had a 14 hour layover in Beijing once. I forgot to pack my adapter in my carry-on so I only had a couple of hours of power in my laptop and phone before I was left with nothing to do but walk around an empty airport all night and contemplate my life. I wouldve given anything for a 2-3 hour distraction like that. 
Damn this is one of the only showerthoughts that has impressed me.
In these forums we’re just a bunch of souls talking to each other. Because our bodies are elsewhere.
[deleted]
If youve donated blood, platelets, or plasma there is a chance that part of you has been around the world.
Nah, I think the most unrealistic thing was that no one ever asked to try on Harrys glasses to see how bad his eyesight was.
Surgery is stabbing someone to life.
Yes.  Are you saying that the time at which you start, determines the pace you maintain? 
I think I read somewhere that muscles contract at such a low frequency that most people don’t hear it or it’s  not quiet enough to hear them 
11 babies have been born in Antarctica, and none of them died as infants, meaning Antarctica has the lowest infant mortality rate at 0%
Bro its not only a fridge I assume it as a magic box hoping every time I open it a beautiful girl will come out carrying something interesting to eat....Not sure exactly what interesting but it will be interesting
You mean weekly?
Spoiler: You have died of dysentery. 
There could have been a moment in history were every single human blinked at the same time, but no one noticed as no one saw it.
I think its not the dark people are afraid of its what they might see in the dark. Which is why hiding under the covers works so well. Unless something touches you.... Coz uh, then your screwed. 
Lil skies in one of his songs has a line that basically says “I use my face tats as motivation, cause I know I won’t be able to get a job with them”
Sometime in the future, your relatives might start to pass down passwords instead of normal things you pass down.
Sandbox mode unlocked
Guess Hitlers life was my prequel 
context?
Thank you! my friends are always like wavs! Youre so funny! Tell me a joke   I get stunned and just say a shitty knock knock joke. 
Thats how I learned to program my telescope
Why are you swallowing cans? Or alternatively why have you been trying to shove corn cans up your ass?  Edit: My first gold, thanks everyone! These cans dont insert themselves
This was not the best title to misread...
My previous body was on Grebulon 7, they make some dank grilled cheese over there 
Yeah, but you cant have your white and eat it too.  
And almost all of them will say oooh spooky ghost heres a kit Kat good night
Wait, they have antipiracy warnings in movies? 
Minecraft characters just look like censored versions of actual humans or minsters
[removed]
Did none of them, just slept through the whole thing
Tobacco causes minor health problems as well though,  its not just cancer or squeaky clean.
Also,a chocolate soy latte is bean milk with bean water and bean syrup
My mom remarried so I immigrated here when I was 13. When I got my citizenship, she handed me my social security card and I almost threw it away because to me it looked like a worthless piece of paper.
Quidditch is not a contact sport, it’s a collision sport.
tripled the average amount of consciousness
This is known as [the Wait Calculation](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Andrew_Kennedy15/publication/260275150_Interstellar_Travel_-_The_Wait_Calculation_and_the_Incentive_Trap_of_Progress/links/5849244908aeda6968281b73/Interstellar-Travel-The-Wait-Calculation-and-the-Incentive-Trap-of-Progress.pdf?_iepl=&_sg%5B0%5D=STquzIv_ypG1L8wfnr0UTpqNCv_dXkuGPkxayPMGgI_ZJ4BMfam4S__KDcrSqlziOQv_sm3entSR_5Cy82gDkg.UfLWAHxHZ0wt_5CScyV_YbsSQxQBJ-tOqDzf5m7_amWhUi9QQ3yu1b0KOVNwXrnYKqSO0GuCepnNQxFV0C7WaQ&_sg%5B1%5D=q9nwHsbeZeSDtEdZT93QEofTAFLnOmE7OHHD3Jo8ZBgDXpEXm-0syFW0bTdNBinlCkwYaPmaoOh9OcP0x2EoE1phZRicgUVWdL82qh_-zPn8.UfLWAHxHZ0wt_5CScyV_YbsSQxQBJ-tOqDzf5m7_amWhUi9QQ3yu1b0KOVNwXrnYKqSO0GuCepnNQxFV0C7WaQ), where people may be incentivized to delay their travel in order to minimize overall time to the destination.   Edit: thank you for the gold, fellow stranger! 
Im great at keeping secrets because Im a narcissist and only talk about myself.
Fruit is meant to be eaten, and our feces serve as fertilizer for the seeds that we also crap out with the remains of the fruit. Should you do so on the ground or in a hole in the ground, then it will grow into a plant. In a sense, we are giving them life by eating their fruit.    Honey is also good because when you ferment it, it becomes mead.
My car resets the volume to a resonable level every time I turn it on, but it was in the shop for a week and I borrowed my dads car and HOLY SHIT the amount of times I almost shit myself because the radio started booming when I turned the car on.
Drinking water from the kitchen tap seems better than drinking water from any other tap in the house, even though they are the same.
Wear a tool belt.
Just like when u met random person irl and they tell you the same right
Partially because the characters are given more exposure. Its easier to empathize with someone who they see struggling all alone behind closed doors. In real life people often fail to stop and consider what a person deals with in their mind when all alone.   Edit: Wow! Ive never had so many upvotes, thank you! Im very glad to see mental illness be discussed in a supportive, open manner. 
Games like Call of Duty should have a kill/death limit to 7 billion. That way people will learn the consequences of killing other people.
Oral sex must have been a lot less popular before bathing daily became a thing
Except your face cannot be modified :(
The worst might be dying before a discovery is made to prolong life by decades.  Die one day at 84, next day human life can live to 200 years. 
Four types. Those who ask when it starts.  Those who ask when it ends.  Those who wont be awake for it.  Those who will still be gone drinking. 
I have had this fear for a while. Before I tape someones mouth shut, I always ask if their nose is stuffy
If i dont own myself am i a slave?
Jokes on you, I die in dreams all the time. Then I dream that Im resting for a really long time and dont think about shit except how comfy I am not having active nerve endings.  I wish I were kidding - this shit gets weird.
My dog was bored last night and getting vocal. I sat her down and explained to her that many humans dont even have housing, food, loving companions. That she was free from worrying about both being eaten and not having enough to eat. That, not only does she have a home, but that she has a bed that she doesnt have to share with several other beings.   She then went off and tore up my partners hair clips. 
This guy sleeps
When the reddit app asks me if Im enjoying Reddit, I always say no just to avoid having to rate the app.
I was taught to file a 1040-ez in high school. 1040-ez because thats what any high schooler would file.   Its easy. Like, stupid easy. Can you read? Then you, too, can file a 1040-ez.  It really wasnt a necessary lesson.   As for more complex taxes, if they were taught wed forget before it ever became useful.   
Make sure to use finger guns and then mime blowing away the smoke.
Hey you cant pay her to have sex with you, thats illegal!  What if he pays her?  Then okay.
ITT: Reddit is pedantic about what constitutes a moving part.
We always switch to manual breathing when we think or hear about it.
As a fellow dwarf, I have literally never left the house on St. Patricks day.  Drunk people already want to pick me up enough when they dont have a nationally sanctioned holiday as an excuse.
A Toyota racecar... Racecar a Toyota.
Some plants do smell like decomposing flesh.
Youd be surprised how incredibly tolerant of nasty stuff people are when horny. Probably wasnt much less popular.
Mr. Nobody is a film with a similar plot
Is this what a heart attack feels like... are you about to pass out and die in front of all these people? Now! ... how bout NOW! ... can you breathe properly? Are you sure? Can you take a deep breath? If you stand up will you pass out?   These stories and more at 6. 
In 100 years you will be a skeleton.
Electricity is the spicy of metal.
My sibbling is three years older than me and I am fairly certain that I have received more love from my mum than he has.
I have my username as password so if i write it in the wrong box no one will notice
And Mercury is that one pyro friend who always seems to be a little too close to the flames.
Dippin Dots The Ice Cream of Malls and Amusement Parks
Here in Bermuda we have tree frogs that are utterly cacophonous. Its white noise to us, but many tourists cant sleep because of them. Its literally an all night chorus of fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me.  Just typing this Ive become aware of them. They are super loud tonight.  [Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lONsLv9Chk) 
I dont know, but it always glows and flashes colors 
Volcanoes are the Earths acnes.
Thats pretty fucked up tbh
When was the last time you had to take a 200 yard detour because a one foot high, two foot wide pile of debris was blocking the direct path in real life?
Foxes are what happens when you run cat software on a dog
Ive always wanted the ability to freeze time.     After a lot of thought I realized that after a while Id start to look noticeably older than I should because while I freeze time and every stops, I dont and continue to age.  Using it enough and people would start to wonder, Ill bet....
Despite all thats going on in the world and in life, I will never be as angry as I am as when my headphone cable snags on something and rips the bud out of my ear.
Try to imagine a life without timekeeping. You probably can’t. You know the month, the year, the day of the week. There is a clock on your wall or the dashboard of your car. You have a schedule, a calendar, a time for dinner or a movie. Yet all around you, timekeeping is ignored. Birds are not late. A dog does not check its watch. Deer do not fret over passing birthdays. Man alone measures time. Man alone chimes the hour. And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures. A fear of time running out.  -- Mitch Albom
We always say stupid autocorrect but never give it positive feedback for the 97% of the work it does.
To some, theyre the final boss.
The Emperors New groove was not a musical either but an amazing movie! One of my favorites. The only song is the intro.
The CEO of the company I work for said that its not uncommon for programmers to be asked to dress down for important meetings. Apparently investors dont think programmers who dress well are good programmers.
Someone has been watching vsauce
The syllables in “on your mark, get set, go” are a countdown
Oil is Earth’s amazing mechanism to deal with pollution. Humans have perfected ways to transform it back into garbage.
Earth being a planet perfect* for life, there is just as much trying to kill us as keeping us alive.
This water feels TOO good
I hope this takes off because of the backstory
The scariest part of having glasses is when you can’t find them
Its a kind of reinforcing mechanism. Your tastes feel validated.
Honey is totally underrated. Its the only natural food thats made without destroying any kind of life. Its also the only food that wont rot.
Maybe my wife is a genius, but this is where the to do list is at my house.
This ain’t even interesting anymore
However, it is possible to subscribe to another country. As long as you can afford the exit fees
As far as I saw, fidget spinners didnt even help inattentive children concentrate. They actually distracted other people with their flashy designs and fast motion.
No matter how many scoops of ice cream you get its still just one bowl of ice cream.    -me to my mom
Dont remember the main purpose of helping this world thrive before commiting mass extinction is to trap their farts
Make sense, i guess.. Now i wanna be irresponsible without saving money, since it will end up the same way. Ty op! 
They’re hecklers from beyond the grave 
This is why I’m subbed to this
Are you implying someone else warmed up the seat first? If so, thats terrifying as fuck. 
Teachers will be quick to say that a classroom isn’t a place to sleep, but by that logic a house isn’t a place to study.
Thats because for conspiracy theorists, any evidence that supports the existence of a conspiracy supports their theory, and any lack of evidence to support the existence of a conspiracy supports the existence of a cover-up--thus any evidence that exists or doesnt exist supports their theory. 
If Batman is canonically about 32 then he was born in 1986. And if his parents were killed leaving a movie theatre when he was 10 years old, then there is a real possibility that they were seeing Space Jam
One of the most annoying things as a kid was when parents asked the fastest way to your house
If a flat earther was taken to space  they wouldn’t believe they were there . They would say this is a Hollywood studio were you made an artificial G-force machine to make it feel like I was shot into space . 
World war LIII: Adam forgot to water the plants. 
In most groups of friends, one of them will eventually go to all the other friends funerals, and one of them wont go to anyones funeral
No, my meat controls me
You mean, you get more breads for the same amount of bread 
Untill one of the fish, gets high and fucks up the fishbowl for all the other fish.
Reeeeee-post 
Promise?
In 1999 I don’t remember tattoos being perceived like facial tattoos are now.
Adapt, zoom in, overcome  Lol
He wasnt 22 yesterday... 
Challenge accepted
We just need to kill them first!
Was the plank wheelchair accessible though? Seems kinda narrow.
I guess Daddy would typically get the apology before Father though.
Spicy food is like BDSM for your mouth
And every time you watch it again, you get closer to 100%
Sports are basically just a way for humans to go to war without killing each other
Witch hunting wouldnt have been so popular in medieval times if any of the victims were actual witches and had decided to fight back
When I was around 10, I installed mine craft on my mums laptop with her permission. 6 years later, I still hear how its minecraft thats slowing her computer down (its been gone for 4+ years) and every time I look at her computer shes installed some myscrapnook or some other shit 
The fitbit zip has a little face that will get happy the more you walk with it. Mine is always sticking its tongue out at me.
As a college professor, I love the graduation ceremonies. I invest a lot of time and effort into my students, so sending them off in style is a treat for me. 
And you get paid to spend all day long in your favorite class
If Im near them Ill look between their eyes, they cant notice and you dont end up darting from eye to eye worrying youll look shifty.
Yes
Growth as a child is about learning. Growth as an adult is about unlearning.
Many vegans have chosen such a diet unrelated to anything having to do with farms/ranches.
Socks are basically foot underwear
That’s how Monday blues formulate. Knowing tomorrow is Monday feels worse than Monday itself. 
this is also me playing spiderman for whatever reason.
The most addictive drug in today’s society is people wanting clout on the internet.
Fresh cut veggies in the lunchbox?  9yo:   Yuck!  39yo:  Yay!
Poorly written TV shows are actually more true to life than the well written ones. The characters and their motivations usually make no sense, the plot is convoluted and drags on, its often pointless and meandering, and the ending usually sucks.
Well it would be if anyone actually said that. 
Hey, Vlad. I noticed you dont have any garlic, crucifixes or holy water. Here, you can use mine if you want. Also, why do you always ask my permission to enter my house all the time?
Theyre made out of meat.  Meat?  Meat. Theyre made out of meat.  Meat?  Theres no doubt about it. We picked up several from different parts of the planet, took them aboard our recon vessels, and probed them all the way through. Theyre completely meat.  Thats impossible. What about the radio signals? The messages to the stars?  They use the radio waves to talk, but the signals dont come from them. The signals come from machines.  So who made the machines? Thats who we want to contact.  They made the machines. Thats what Im trying to tell you. Meat made the machines.  Thats ridiculous. How can meat make a machine? Youre asking me to believe in sentient meat.  Im not asking you, Im telling you. These creatures are the only sentient race in that sector and theyre made out of meat.  Maybe theyre like the orfolei. You know, a carbon-based intelligence that goes through a meat stage.  Nope. Theyre born meat and they die meat. We studied them for several of their life spans, which didnt take long. Do you have any idea whats the life span of meat?  Spare me. Okay, maybe theyre only part meat. You know, like the weddilei. A meat head with an electron plasma brain inside.  Nope. We thought of that, since they do have meat heads, like the weddilei. But I told you, we probed them. Theyre meat all the way through.  No brain?  Oh, theres a brain all right. Its just that the brain is made out of meat! Thats what Ive been trying to tell you.  So ... what does the thinking?  Youre not understanding, are you? Youre refusing to deal with what Im telling you. The brain does the thinking. The meat.  Thinking meat! Youre asking me to believe in thinking meat!  Yes, thinking meat! Conscious meat! Loving meat. Dreaming meat. The meat is the whole deal!  Are you beginning to get the picture or do I have to start all over?  Omigod. Youre serious then. Theyre made out of meat.  Thank you. Finally. Yes. They are indeed made out of meat. And theyve been trying to get in touch with us for almost a hundred of their years.  Omigod. So what does this meat have in mind?  First it wants to talk to us. Then I imagine it wants to explore the Universe, contact other sentiences, swap ideas and information. The usual.  Were supposed to talk to meat.  Thats the idea. Thats the message theyre sending out by radio. Hello. Anyone out there. Anybody home. That sort of thing.  They actually do talk, then. They use words, ideas, concepts?  Oh, yes. Except they do it with meat.  I thought you just told me they used radio.  They do, but what do you think is on the radio? Meat sounds. You know how when you slap or flap meat, it makes a noise? They talk by flapping their meat at each other. They can even sing by squirting air through their meat.  Omigod. Singing meat. This is altogether too much. So what do you advise?  Officially or unofficially?  Both.  Officially, we are required to contact, welcome and log in any and all sentient races or multibeings in this quadrant of the Universe, without prejudice, fear or favor. Unofficially, I advise that we erase the records and forget the whole thing.  I was hoping you would say that.  It seems harsh, but there is a limit. Do we really want to make contact with meat?  I agree one hundred percent. Whats there to say? Hello, meat. Hows it going? But will this work? How many planets are we dealing with here?  Just one. They can travel to other planets in special meat containers, but they cant live on them. And being meat, they can only travel through C space. Which limits them to the speed of light and makes the possibility of their ever making contact pretty slim. Infinitesimal, in fact.  So we just pretend theres no one home in the Universe.  Thats it.  Cruel. But you said it yourself, who wants to meet meat? And the ones who have been aboard our vessels, the ones you probed? Youre sure they wont remember?  Theyll be considered crackpots if they do. We went into their heads and smoothed out their meat so that were just a dream to them.  A dream to meat! How strangely appropriate, that we should be meats dream.  And we marked the entire sector unoccupied.  Good. Agreed, officially and unofficially. Case closed. Any others? Anyone interesting on that side of the galaxy?  Yes, a rather shy but sweet hydrogen core cluster intelligence in a class nine star in G445 zone. Was in contact two galactic rotations ago, wants to be friendly again.  They always come around.  And why not? Imagine how unbearably, how unutterably cold the Universe would be if one were all alone ...  [Theyre Made Out of Meat](http://www.terrybisson.com/page6/page6.html) by Terry Bisson, 1990.
At 80. Hope I wake up tomorrow. If not oh well. 
Hi how do you do, I have paperwork stating Im insane.
Isnt that the only point of underwear? To catch extra from the front and back so you dont ruin your nice outerwear.
Well...... Anal breath anyway...
Finally a good showerthought.
Not to mention old people screaming at jazz bands.
Many years ago, the first person to see a parrot had to convince all of his friends that a bird had talked to him, and they probably didnt believe him.
[deleted]
Im pretty sure you can actually be concerned about both. 
I asked my liver if it disagreed.  It said nothing.  So either my brain really is the most important, or my liver has low self-esteem.
Just because they look scary doesnt make them bad. Did you learn nothing from the first one? 
I also enjoy DMT.
Scabs are just the skin literally repairing itself. Like a natural bandaid.
DIY for me consists of 2 parts - making it work and making it look good. The second part is much harder.
Holy shit
Its common for babies to fall asleep and wake up in different locations all the time, but as an adult the idea of that happening is terrifying.
Pessimism is anticipating the worst because you’ll never be disappointed and sometimes you’ll be surprised.
Jokes on you, Im a ventriloquist
Mind blown! It’s not that 13 is unlucky for us, it’s 13 that’s unlucky because it missed out on all that dozen limited number action.
Reminds me of that scene from The Office where Andys prepping the office for the Christmas party and says, So in summation, ho ho ho, please be nice to Jessica and mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault...
[deleted]
My genitals are just a big arrow pointing at my tie.
Millennials are old now though
Its called the Youarehere Point
In my town it just means it is noon. 
This is the kind of shower thinking this sub is about
*”My secret is, I’m always miserable.”* - The Incredible Sulk
South Carolina shapes like a piece of Doritos chip
Youre right, and if you add in those who were building them (I believe the lore is jedi generally made their own light sabers) or were repairing one and accidentally turned it on there was probably a decent death toll.  Can you imagine the average teenager fooling around with one of those things?  Force powers cant fix stupidity.
Adult bread? Were you eating drugs? 
The sinking of the titanic must have been a miracle for the lobsters in the kitchen.
I believe this as an actual shower thought lol
“Whiter than white” usually also involves dies that emit visible light when they come in contact with uv light. That way the clothing looks much brighter.
Maybe if you had some  **god damn faith!**
heels hard, buns soft 
Sadly, I’ve never been to an arcade where you could play any game for 1 single quarter...
If my googling powers and the people of the interwebs can be trusted, [heres a picture of identical twins that married identical twins and each couple had identical twin children](https://i.imgur.com/gBtKqa7.jpg).
If our world was a simulation, then the progammers wouldve freaked out when The Matrix movie was released
Being a blacksmith must have been a real pantydropper back in the day seeing how Smith is the most common surname today.
[removed]
The moment you say you are humble you no longer are
I dont have any kids, but still tell dad jokes. Does that make me a faux pa?
Beds are charging stations for humans
Matter can not be created or destroyed. All you have is crappy sammies
So youre saying I should charge more? 
Close but no cigar my math says your be at $977,616,000.
All but a couple of Jason Stathom’s characters are the same person but at a different point in his life.
Or in America
I mean, wouldnt that be the case for anyone in the porn industry?
The first person that was deaf probably thought people open their mouths to breath like fish.
Not even close. But just in case, I downvoted. 
When people think about travelling to the past, they worry about accidentally changing the present, but no one in the present really thinks they can radically change the future
Cats acquired such a fond taste for fish, yet they’re afraid of water.
What? Not even close.  Id take a really thin pancake. 
Be the *better* man, not the bigger man. No one is asking you about yo weight, mother fucker! Something I heard while walking around in Houston.           
The mullet is also the mullet of the Millenials. 
As a male, I peed once through the crack between the lid and base when sitting down and now I have a constant fear of doing it again.
Steve1989MREInfo: *kicks cat*  Nice hiss
Bye bye to a sense of humour too.  Those annoying joke analyzer bots perpetually dissect each others jokes to infinity. 
Unless what they are really saying is that *youre* unpleasant to be around, until they are under the influence of drugs...
If women were the ones with the ballsack, there would be so many bogus scrotal beautification products like special braces and wraps to keep it tight and smooth as you age.
No
Since despacito means slowly, I surely hope it wont be for laxatives, lol. 
Id love to aee a YouTube tutorial on your patented slap cook method.
No its not
They both rescue and marry a princess from a far away land. 
Well yes, but actually no
My brother is the type of guy who buys $700 suits and reads how to be a gentleman books. He opens doors for ladies and never starts eating until everyone has food in front of them. But none of his work associates or friends know that he pees like the entire toilet is on fire and hes trying to put it out. 
News sites are harder to fap to though.  
The first word I was thinking while reading was *twat*. 
It’s exactly this, look up roman traditions of playing sports instead of fighting and honouring the result 
Soft shell = nope
Shout-out to all the dogs whove chased off burglars without their owners ever knowing.
Sign language.
I read this somewhere:  Ill either respond in 2 seconds or in 3-4 business days. 
The perma death is kinda annoying. Wish the developers put in a casual mode 
Sims
Some men just want to watch their toast burn.
If I cut my hand I will pass out. Wrap it up with some duct tape and all is fine. 
This is too dangerous a thought. Back to singing in the shower for you.
Wow I totally didnt see this 1936382x times in this sub. 
Everyone seems to understand that you can’t believe everything that you read on the internet, yet most of us believe everything that they themselves read on the internet.
Drag your couch to the woods and be deeply depressed. 
If you dont fact check before you publish, youre doing journalism wrong.  If you dont get more than one source, making sure those other sources arent sourcing the original source, youre consuming news wrong.
I mean... No? People who rack up the highest body count are the ones you hear about in history.  People that murder every few years or so are the ones we don’t know about.
Kinda like how running under water is how it feels to try and run in a dream
Every noun can be a verb if you try
He was locked under a staircase and he’s more well adjusted than a blonde rich kid with an evil dad
Sounds like Ill have to try the ferocious approach rather than tactful begging student :p
K-9 units arent usually policing other dogs.  So maybe the dog just shrugs its shoulders and thinks:    Masters problem, not mine. I hope he didnt misbehave.    
Damn this water is hot
Usually you use the older thing to describe a newer thing.   
70% of the earth is covered in water but in movies spaceships always crash on land
So thats how life got so strong...
My brother in law works at a garbage bag manufacturer. Apparently you arent supposed to lift the bag up by the draw string. Who would have known... Haha
I have gotten in the habit of turning the volume down before cutting my car off so I dont get the shit scared outta me when i crank it up again.
Axes are tree cyborgs created by humans to destroy other trees
Just graduated from college last week. There were 1089 graduates in my ceremony alone, and 4400 total throughout the weekend. The last kid to have his name called got a standing ovation from everyone because we all knew it was finally over. The kid knew it too, as he was throwing his arms up and everything. 
Today, millions of children will ring the door bells of countless real life murderers, rapists and drug dealers.
Telling someone they have anger issues makes them angry.
Trump wants to know your location 
but where is all that data gonna be stored?
Police are like the referees of real life.
I’ve got no snarky reply to this...it’s just eerie. Well done!
Every car accident on the planet is a car accident in space. 
Air Conditioning is just domesticated wind
And the smoke never gets in his eyes.
No it wouldn’t. 
How about a mullet put into a man bun?
While the rest of the men were out working in the fields, who do you think stayed in the village all day?
That explains why it still wants to eat all the lint.
Stacey spent so much time coping with her moms hotness by becoming a hot mom but ultimately she never found love because she kept chasing high school boys and is now in jail for an affair at the school she worked for 
T̨͡y̶̴̸̡p̸̷̨̀͘i̛͜ǹ̶̕g҉̕͢ ̶̧̀l̀͡į̵̴̴k̢̨̧ę̡͜ ̧̧͘t̸̕͝҉h̵́i̕̕s҉̵ ̡̢d̡̛̀͜͡o̕͢͏e̴̡̡̡s҉͠n̡̨̛͟’͘͝t̶̴̴̡͘ ̷̶̡m̴̷̶̧ą̶҉̡ķ̨̕͟͝e͡͞ ̷́͜s̷͘͡͡o̸̷m͏̵͜͜͢é̶̡̨t̷̷͘͠͏h͠͝ì̛̛́͡n̴҉̧g̷̢̛̛͠ ̶̡́͢͟s͡͡҉́͏c͝a̢͡͠r̨͠y͘͢͢͞,̶҉ ͢҉̢̨͢j̵̢̀͝͞ư̛͟͟s̴̶͢t̵̨́̀͏ ̴̧̡̡h̴̵ą̡̧̧̛r̷̸̢̕͢ḑ͟͢ ͏̵͟t̷̶͜͟͞o̢҉҉̢ ̕͜ŕe͟͜͡a҉̸̡͠d̢̕̕͜͞
You dont realize how loud normal everyday activities are until you try doing them at 3am in a sleeping household.
I think its accurate, my friends and I tease each other all the time.  The hard part is knowing when to back off, just because were friends doesnt mean we sometimes dont strike a nerve occasionally.  Unintentionally of course, but we know overall that theyre just jokes, and were all equally assholes.
Pokémon GO uses very little data. I played for about 3 hours yesterday and it has only used 50MB.  Youll use more than that just browsing Facebook.  Edit: misread my data usage graph. That 50mb is since the game has been out, which for me is roughly ~5-6 hours of game play total. So roughly 10mb per hour.
according to edith hamiltons mythology, narcissus got a bad rap. He was just a regular, good-looking guy who had all these girls crushing on him but he wasnt into them, he liked doing forest stuff alone. Then one girl complained to a god and the god was like he sucks, im going to make him fall in love with himself and die and then he fell in love with himself and died.
And the refrigerator brand is “Coldernell”. Never got that until I was an adult. 
what about jaw dropping?
Tons of hot singles are ready to ignore you! Click here!
Thank you. Aside from family and my boss. Youre the only other person to wish me happy birthday.  Wow. Im speechless. This is one of the best things I have woken up to. You guys are truly amazing. Thank you for all the wishes everyone!!! What an incredible community.
I wonder how Morgan Freeman sounds like to himself
You might be right. Im going to try dying to see if I restart at the fridge. 
Imagine taking Groot to a library...
Black cats hairs still show up on black anyway.  Source: had black cats.
You might be single but you’ll never be double
So we need the life equivalent to an external battery pack.
Most vegans never stepped foot in a farm, their whole concept of animal cruelty was taken out of cherry picked videos and biased docummentaries.
What do they call it when you fall asleep on the book and crinkle all the pages? 
As a child I thought everyone was saying “On your marks, cassette, go”. So I said that before every race.   - ETA - I genuinely did not think this comment would even be noticed or be interesting. All those years of my dumb child self confidently shouting “cassette!” in my grandma’s street while lined up for a race that ends at the garages, was actually earning all this karma. 
Autocorrect never misspells itself.
How is this a shower thought? Its a common observation and its not original in any way. Im guessing maybe you just heard it today from your babysitter. Better delete. 
Tge fuck they suppose to say “ goo goo gah gah bring me to life “
sup, was 520 lbs, currently 240.  Dont become 600 pounds.  Life at that weight sucks.  Life recovering from that weight sucks.  I have so much pain in my joints, so much excess skin, my hormones are all kinds of fucked up.  Just prevent yourself from becoming that large.  Nothing tastes so good that makes being that heavy worth it.
[Science is a liar, sometimes. ](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2600/1*jcYFmTi6qiWUSQzhCRBjIg.png)
You’re nuts!
The nose smells just as much as your butt
Given how many rocks there are, you could have been the first too
One of the biggest scams in life was your mom saying she wont get angry if you say the truth
Dont post email addresses, even if they are fake; theyre automatically removed all the same.
The babys first word better be Mhysa.
I already am a skeleton, just happen to have some muscles and skin attached. Call it fashion. 
Fear factor was the only show you are forced to do disturbing things like eat live bugs or be buried alive and the max you win is 50,000. Most contestants did it and lost, so they did that shit for nothing.
I wonder what else we could solve using gravity instead of electricity.
But what if you make porn parodies for a living?  
so does a bean eater...\*whom whomp\*
Then, later, you only buy one or two games a year--just the ones you know youll like.  In the past five years Ive only bought two games--Bioshock Infinite and Fallout 4. I got far more than $60 worth of entertainment out of each.
Its been said the Porno industry has driven technology for many years now. I have no reason to doubt it.
Thats kind of how all memories work. Over time you forget the real details and fill them in with assumed details. For real memories, its pretty smooth because the real world is relatively predictable. So that one time you slide out on the ice in your car has a lot of similarities to movies youve seen.  A dream though is so illogical and unpredictable that as you forget you cant use any previous experiences to fill in the gaps as they arent congruent to any other experiences youve had. 
i could be sharing my chicken with an enemy. Unacceptable!
It does its just takes too long to pick up. Btw: 30 seconds!? Dam.
No. You’d end up with a lot of neglected tigers. 
Rulers were probably made using another ruler
But the guy that turned the simple service into a mortgaged affair needs to be shot!
This reminds me of when Disturbed performed [The Sound of Silence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk7RVw3I8eg) on TV.  I imagined a little old lady hearing it and then deciding to check out Disturbeds other stuff, turning up the volume as she anticipated a beautifully emotional and powerful ballad, only to be greeted with OOOOOUAHAHAHA!
Thats exactly what a serial killer would say. I got my eyes on you OP.
I literally can’t fathom how someone could possibly be a Flat-Earther. My brain refuses to comprehend the idea that anyone would be that ignorant. I just could never figure out the “why”. Thank you for this!
I mean, when Im bumping rap in the 2004 prius I borrowed from my stepmom Im actually hoping people dont look my way
Only problem is that I hate shaky found footage movies.   Clover field was annoying 
People who send nudes they dont feel comfortable with anyone in the world seeing are fucking stupid. 
I so want whatever youre smoking. 
Ive trained autocorrect to autocorrect autocorrect to autocorrupt. Typing this comment will set that progress back.
If we treated moments of conception as the start of someones life, a lot of peoples birthdays would be on Valentines Day.
Fuck roosters, I had to fight them off with my hockey stick, those fucking dicks.
A sale refers to selling things. If they’re free you aren’t selling them, just giving them away.
If the human population even still exists lol. 
Assuming that winds will bury NASAs Oppurtunity probe, its possible that one day alien archaeologists might one day dig up human artifacts on Mars
Hash browns are just breakfast time French Fries.
With Jeff Bezos having $116.8 billion and the average person having 100 billion brain cells, Jeff Bezos literally has more money than sense.
If it helps, heres my philosophy on these things, when Im feeling like a prick but want to appear to be better than that.  Letting the other person leave the situation being right, when they are not and are being a dick is tough.  I like to think about how Im reinforcing their dick personality so even more people will realize they suck, and this is a better plan in the long run.  
Im sure its due to volume of traffic.  Back in 06-08 when smartphones were still uncommon 3G was really solid.  Could pull over a couple megs down.
Until you have kids and suddenly it all comes flooding back.
I always hit later when asked to rate an app because Im afraid hitting never would backfire against me.
Wait, dead baby jokes arent okay anymore? When did this happen? 
Is a timer just a reverse stopwatch then?
Most of the trash on the streets is from junk food because people that dont care about their own health arent going to care about the health of the planet.
Running from the cops is the ultimate double or nothing.
Cos the ideologies Nazism are based on are much more ancient, and much more universal.
Good. Its about time the world grows up.
Nah, more like it was Flat Earth back in the Beta... Then they slowly rolled out Globe Earth in 1.0  ... Some folks just havent gotten the latest update yet.
r/suspiciouslyspecific
The best strategy is to go directly to jail
This is any calculator, not just phones.
When you sit on the toilet you connect your butthole up to the large network of connected buttholes
Ive also had memories so hazy I assumed they were just dreams. 
And then, whenever we transitioned from consciousness to dreaming or back, we would have to wonder, Is this the real life?  Is this just fantasy?
Except the ones that are just blurry enough to be illegible. And you strain your eyes to see if you should have the “apjelphmic schlem poppers” or the “pnefdostmder with roistled cern” 
The younger generations today wont be familiar with that euphoric feeling of hearing your favorite song suddenly play on the radio.
Teacher here,   From my perspective, the state tells us your students need to know these things. Frankly, most of them are not particularly useful (outside of reading / writing / basic math) BUT I do believe that what I do is still important. Whenever I get the question why do I need to learn this? I tell students that its impossible to teach them everything they need to know, and that we couldnt offer enough classes to cover all of the jobs that are available to them. However, we do try to give them the building blocks / core skills necessary to learn whatever it is that interests them, and that LEARNING is really the skill being taught. All of life is learning something youre unfamiliar with and mastering it, if you have the skills to problem solve and teach yourself how to learn whatever it is that you need to learn, then you will be better off in life. Period. 
This is what we were training for.
If you go to jail for tax evasion, youre living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes.
But why is this a shower thought? 
FORTNITE VICTORY ROYALE ### Mouth Open ## Red Text ## Some golden shit weapon ### Arrows
Cutting corners and short cuts is common practice when you mow lawns for a living.
Life has tons of more heart-breaking existential horrors than that.  
I used to run at 3am after late night X-Files. On my cool down walk, I saw a homeless couple gettin wild in the bushes. They stopped, noticed me walking passed, laughed, then resumed business. It was like an erotic parody of X-Files, called X-Files.
I stopped looking for monsters under my bed because i want someone to sleep with me. Anyone 
We live in a *society*
What do you mean?  I wasnt supposed to bake it?
its even better when the professor will say “that’s exactly right” before saying the answer like someone actually answered him
Normal dogs probably see police dogs and think “Oh shit it’s the cops”
Using sex to sell things is more of an advertisement for sex than anything
Thats like how in olden day France theyd kill people who attempted suicide.  Edit: Wow, 1st time my inbox has blown up! :-)
Mirrors are portals to another dimension, but your alternate version doesnt let you enter them by imitating your moves, touching you if you try to touch the mirror. Knowing this, if you kiss the mirror, youre actually kissing yourself from a different dimension.
Santa an alien? How absurd... Hes a mutant. [http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Santa\_Claus\_(Earth-616)](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Santa_Claus_(Earth-616))
I know it might be wrong, but I’m in love with Stacy’s mom.
Because medical experiments are usually performed on mice first, mouse medicine will always be more advanced than human medicine.
Zombies would just decay and become not much of a threat after a month or two
Kind of reminds me of the SCP where [everyone in the world sneezed at the same time](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-3336).
We are living in the last few years where we can trust a video or audio recording
They tried banning booze once.  It didnt take. 
Knowing that you are being condescended to really is a special kind of Hell. 
In this case, I think it does matter if youre black or white. 
Wrong
Over puddles, across small gaps, pretty frequently.   Also when’s the last time you had to save the world Karen? I bet you’d use a lot more athleticism and weaponry if you did.
Maybe cats purposely break stuff off of shelves so that when the owner buys a replacement, they can play in the boxes.
Does it hurt?  Everytime
You havent kept up with WoW raiding scene if you think nords arent respected as raiders. They just found a different outlet.
Which is a showerthought that AI would have...
A brand new human even requires up to 12 hours of charging. Oddly the time it takes to recharge improves with age.  This is why second-hand humans are in such demand I guess...
Ouija boards would be much scarier if they weren’t made by Hasbro and instead were the only product of an obscure, 300 year old company located in a remote village in eastern Europe
how many times I gotta see this
Nothing in this world truly matters. Everything we have done and will do, will end up just being forgotten and ultimately lost to the endlessness of time and space
I was a manager for a long time, too many managers think they do the work and that they are important.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  I always told my people to consider me a resource to get their shit done.  I set the goals and prioritize tasks but they actually do the work, they are important, Im either helping them or Im in the way.
The reason dogs are good bois is that we gradually killed off all the bad bois in the selection process
Referring to yourself as an otaku in public makes people see you as more of a weeb than before you claimed to be an otaku
This is a little off topic but I found out that my dad wasn’t my biological dad when I tried to apply for a passport when I was 19 and got rejected because the Dad I listed on my application didn’t match the one they had on my “original birth certificate”. See, the birth certificate I had sent in had both of my parents names on it, but apparently this was not the original birth certificate.   However, my rejection letter only said that I was “missing paperwork” and when I called to find out what paperwork I was missing, a clerk explained the above to me. She told me the name of the man they had listed as my dad and asked if I knew him, told her I’d never heard of him. She asked if I still spoke to my mom and I told that yes, we are on good terms. She told me I’d better get in touch with her and “have a talk”, and get the documentation stating the reason for the changes on my birth certificate.   Basically I needed my adoption papers. The man I know as Dad began dating my mom when I was a few months old and adopted me when I was two. And they just never told me, though Mom says she meant to, but could never find the right time. 
There are two kinds of people that text and drive.  1. This person is on their phone 99% of the time while driving. Nothing short of death will change that.  2. This person hears they got a text and feels tempted to check their phone.   The billboard is for the 2nd person.
All of them...
Thats why I appreciate so much restrooms which have hangers behind the doors 🙃
When pregnant women swallow semen, the contents of that semen become a part of the child’s nutritional intake. Think about that...
I think for most it is quite the opposite.  When I have to wake up after my alarm goes off to force me to I feel helpless and weak.  If I can wake up before it happens I am happy for every minute I get as a bonus, not to mention waking up naturally means you have just arrived at that phase of sleeping instead of being in the deepest parts.
There needs to be an effective marketing campaign portraying Earth as an adorable character. 
Infection tag is basically Tag: Battle Royale.
Im calling this post shit 
A world where cops employ chimps/gorillas instead of k9s would be fucking terrifying.
2+2=4  This statement is true
Mike, Im pretty sure it was Mike . 
Your default browser as been set to Internet Explorer 
In 20 years or so, Im going to have to jailbreak my car to drive above the speed limit
The titanic movie is like someone making a romance movie about 9/11 in a hundred years
The real question is would you put that brain in a robot body?
How do we know that Santa *isnt* real in the MCU? 🤔
Hey Siri/Google. Text my boss and say fuck you.  *loud scramble as a hundred people turn off their phone*
We joke that birdsong is just a pretty way of birds shouting at each other for sex, but really thats all most of our pop music is anyway.
Viagra Lite: for those who just want to be held.
Salt is just angry sugar.
Its dark til someone opens it
If my mum decides to vaccinate me I might just live till 2050
When people see me outside of work their minds are blown. Happened last night. Usually they say something along the lines of, you ARE a girl! Im a chef and dress accordingly. 
The world needs both optimists and pessimists. Without optomists no one would have ever invented the airplane. Without pessimists no one would have ever invented the parachute.
Never thought Id die fighting side-by-side with my middle sibling...
The egg came before the chicken. Because through evolution there must have been the definitive first chicken hatching out of an egg from a non-chicken.
I used to he an adventurer like you, then I got long distance stabbed in the knee.
There was a recent episode where Homer is next to Maggie in a self driving car. 
Mine is more like eat some cherries because they are your favourite fruit
I thought knock on wood meant a hope for something to continue 
Its more like a micronority that has a majority of the money, rules  
Theres a subreddit dedicated to businesses that used to be pizza hut
Amen
Or when you are putting on your jacket and your sleeves slide upwards
You’ve probably once had a dream so vivid that you think it is a memory even though it never really happened.
It’s like when I copy-paste, I press Ctrl+C like 5 times. 
A noose is just a tie that cant be topped (so you top yourself) 
so much look at me in the world today and many people entire self worth is derived from they like me.
Hate to burst your bubble, but according to the Oxford Dictionary...  Beverage: [noun] a drink other than water. 
Nothing is more enraging than getting up to pee and realizing you have to get up in 45 mins to get ready for work. 
I donate plasma twice a week. Been donating since October. So about 39 times. From 16 years old until 20 I donated blood every... I think every 8 weeks. 26 times. Both donation of blood and plasma equals up to 3 lives. That is 117 people that I am potentially flowing through their veins. Ive never thought of this before, but I think I have potentially traveled the world from my couch.
Some of them sing about that bitch Jolene that steals men away. 
Im pretty sure it is still the yawn.
Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond are also the three things that make a waffle.
I still like how naming your kid Khaleesi is essentially like naming your kid Senator, or Lieutenant.
It would be a lot more terrorizing blowing bubbles if they popped like balloons
I still use Deez Nuts....
So, is this way of asking for a training partner?
Donkey knows who Shirley Bassey and Bob Barker are, quotes Sanford and Son, and references in-flight movies. Anachronistic jokes are deliberate and part of the humor of the series.
Some software producers realized that already and are putting their products to use for free, in order for people to learn how to use them. You get to learn it legally and they get to have a new customer, who will pay for their products when he gets a job that requires it. Autodesk is an example. They release some of their software for free, but without the ability to save your projects. *EDIT: or with the ability to save them, but leaving a watermark, making it unusable for commercial use*  This is basically creating their own future customer base. Very clever business model, if you ask me.
Restaurants that serve soft butter for your bread, vs that rock hard butter, go way under appreciated.
I have 3 kids and always wonder why anyone would ruin their own night by bringing their kids to the movies.   My husband and I were at an R rated movie and this guy and another couple each brought two kids under 10 to it. During the racy, sexual previews, the couples son is like Thats what Im talking bout!! The one little girl was way too young to be seeing that shit. I was embarrassed and annoyed at the same damn time. 
Bar crawls are trick or treating for drunk people
Hell, I avoided parties from 18, and that was a lot of decades ago 
Snoop came to my college to perform when I was the hospitality directory for the entertainment group. I was basically in charge of green rooms.   One of my helpers was also a dealer. He had pot on him if anyone asked.   Someone did ask. The opening rapper (some young guy who was on snoops label) wanted some so we had ourselves a little dressing room drug deal.   Me being an idiot, after we all walked out I realized I left the big ring of keys in the room, next to a big pile of pot. The door self locked.   I freaked. Nobody else had keys... except campus security.   So I had to ask to be let into the room from a cop like person. As we are walking over I ask if I can just be let into the room and not come in (there was a huge pile of pot right in the center of the room). She looks at me with a smile and says I am at a Snoop dog concert. I know whats up.  She unlocked the door, let me in and turned around and walked away.   Edit: typo
I do this with everything but in a shorter period of time
How high are you?
Oh yeah. Lotta pressure. You gotta rise above it. You gotta harness in the good energy, block out the bad. Harness. Energy. Block. Bad. Feel the flow Happy. Feel it. Its circular. Its like a carousel. You pay the quarter, you get on the horse, it goes up and down, and AROUND. Its circular. Circle, with the music, the flow. All good things.
The lion king is just a movie about cats fighting for the higher ground
Thats only if I had friends that would even think about me during therapy
Likewise, when I was a kid, one of my fantasies was to have a tv and video games in my bathroom.... thanks technology.
Cinnamon is the spicy of the ... 
Nah, learning is just a lifelong process.
This is a brilliant idea! I would use it to kindly ask people to get out of the passing lane.
The classic IT situation -   Everything works - What the hell are we paying you for??  Something is broken - What the hell are we paying you for??
So then Wolverine can never have a sex change operation. He’ll never be an ex-man
Like, physics and shit bra
You know youre getting older when you transition from not having enough money to buy games to not having enough time to play all the games you bought
Dad : Now Jim , make a wish and blow the candles   Jim : [Wishes and Blows]  Dad : You are now fucked . 
Now they are going to have a Graveyard Smash
My sisters constantly beg for a niece or nephew from my fiancee and I. When I suggest she have a kid herself she looks at me like Im asking for her to reinvent the wheel.
If she gets a tube in right, he can get it the same tube too.      Pringles Condom.
Depressed or anxious characters in movies are critically appreciated, but people with these conditions are often shunned or ignored in real life and told to snap outta it by many.
Humans are programmable robots
Ive always called them fuck-trophies
Linda is not an idiot! She’s the only thing keeping Bawbie’s fragile ego together. 
This is actually brilliant. 
Vertical video plus the scaled blurred effect at the sides to make it conform to the standard iso without black bars are the scourge of the video making. 
Life would be more satisfying if we were born elderly and got younger over time.
12 is a common number because it is easy to do basic division. 12 is evenly divisible by 2,3,4, and 6.  In fact, a base 12 mathematical system has many advantages over a base 10 (decimal) system. The only reason we favor base 10 and consider it more intuitive is because we happened to evolve 10 fingers.
If a crack forms in your backyard,  is it your fault?
The next person who asks me, are you ready for Christmas? may die. Especially if its one of our clients, who are the reason that Im still at work at 6:30 and most decidedly not ready for Christmas.
Spoons are just really small bowls.
[deleted]
And yet it has people called Luke and measurements in Parsecs
Millions of people using mph and other nonsense metric system will be viewed as insanity in the future
Then 2000s and the teens will grow up and reintroduce the pause button because they got sick of their parents asking why they are no pause button.  Edit: spelling
Jokes on you. I pause the movie before I blink. 😎
No no, shares in some kind of fruit picking company
A 1 dollar a year salary isnt really a very good job, even if you do it for a very long time. 
The weirdest part is that many of your thoughts and emotions are regulated hormonally, and some of those hormones are made in your sex organs and pancreas. And your reflexes are learned, controlled, and implemented by the nerves in your spine.  So, strangely, the meat suit also controls you.
not quite. 
You fucking LIAR!
It may be regional, but three doubles is speeding for me (UK). 
There goes boobs and butts of the world... Sucked away
I was out walking my brothers dog once shortly after a nasty thunderstorm. As we walked through the neighborhood he stopped, sniffed, and generally put on a show of inspecting every single tree we came across. But then we came across a tree which had been blown over into the street, its roots torn out of the ground in a tangle of dirt and clay. We had to step around a sidewalk slab lifted several feet. The road was completely blocked and a parked van had been crushed underneath it.  No interest in that tree at all.
...Uh, sorry guys. I had a lot of pre-workout but the gym was closed.
a cake is just eggs covered in more eggs
Also happens with blinking and swallowing saliva
One of the worst feelings is the feeling of your sleeves sliding down you wrists as you wash your hands
It sucks if youre smart enough to realize youre not as smart as you want to be.
and things that happened you dont want to remember
Im more annoyed with the ones that arent held in place properly so you have to use two hands to insert the card while holding the reader steady or else you just push the machine around.   
Dunno. I started to replay Mediveal Total War 2 at Christmas, and Im still banging away in April. 
no, meme format is something they cant figure out
Bing is still the tits for porn searching, though, hands down
So fix is just a word chunk
And an on/off switch for the mic
Btw this is a pretty good argument for christians trying to explain the Bibles creation story
Technically the day you are born is your 1st birthday
Can confirm. Just finishing a week off work and now a lazy alcoholic. 
This is how most technology is if you think about it. Once it becomes normal and the novelty wears off, everyones just like meh, whatever.
Maybe Sherlock Holmes would give a fuck about the method but my deduction would be that someone has been a dick   E: Thanks x x
Jesus christ posted this on this subreddit coz i thought some people might be like ‘aha yeah good point’ but everyones just being hateful didn’t realise everyone on here was just looking for a fight thought it was better than this 
Well that explains why I cant see my chair or my desktop.
Citizen Four was really good. The guy they got for Snowden looked just like him. 
College Students are simultaneously stereotyped for not getting enough sleep and for sleeping all the time.
The most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is that they eventually use all the skills they learn at school
But you have to say it in capitals 
The new firmware update fell on deaf ears
Yeah like Steps didn’t like Steps. 
[deleted]
No one is really afraid of the dark. Theyre afraid of their own mind. Because when its dark, all youre left with is your thoughts and imagination.
We were taught Slow and steady wins the race, but also taught The early bird gets the worm.
It must feel weird right? Like you could never actually get comfortable.
What
Dragons are just dinosaur wizards
Daddy? Where did I come from?  Ah, well... you see, when a man and a woman can tolerate each other, they rent an apartment together.  Why?  Well, its because the economy has tanked and they cant afford to live on their own.  ... Oh.  Anyway, sometimes the man and the woman decide that they want even less money, so they order a kid.  Order?  From Amazon, yes.  I thought Amazon only delivered on Christmas.  No, no, they only deliver to children on Christmas. Grown-ups can order whenever they want.  So... so I came from Amazon?  Yep! You were delivered via drone.  Does that mean Alexa is my real mommy?  Of course.  Then... then whos my real daddy?!  The goddamned mailman, probably.
The unspoken rule for using a phone’s calculator is to hit the clear button 3-5 times before starting a new equation.
Is this not called sadomasochism?
The best part is when we realize that the Moon is the perfect distance between the Sun and Earth to exhibit a total solar eclipse.
Who are they
Thanks Steam. 
Your thoughts are fowl. 
Once was playing super smash bros with my brothers. We were yelling at each other and trash talking. My grandma walks in, and walks away with a semi-disgusted look on her face as she says “Such violent video games these days”. 
Salsa is just spicy tomato smoothie
The men in your house have spent hours upon hours looking at the wall behind your toilet, while the women have probably never paid it attention.
Obi wan would be proud 
The B-52s are a successful band whose sound would not be marketable/popular in todays music industry.
like a truely interesting shower thought???
I dont think it would matter. Either theyd think they were tricked somehow or, even if they were convinced, all the other people would just say they were brainwashed or paid off or whatever other psychotic shit they believe.  These people dont actually want truth no matter what they tell you. They just want to be right.
Calm down, Satan
He’d also do great on that new show (I forget its name) where famous artists sing in costume and the judges have to guess who they are. He’d probably be way better at identifying artists based solely on voice rather than looks.
Even worse when youre trolling r/all for an hour and hit the reddit alien of death button and lose your place. 
-Son, sit back and let me tell you the tale of the blurry phantom of Edinburgh  -Dad, why do all of your stories involve poorly focused monsters? 
...ok?
I hope human brains have task manager
By consuming North America, you have become North America. *You are the one foretold in prophecy.*
I might be your type but that doesnt mean you get a piece of me. 
The most prolific would most likely be known eventually. Its the ones that kill one or two every 10 years or so that you will likely never hear about. 
I have to keep working out new and imaginative excuses for not eating lunch with colleagues.  Id rather eat outside than in the cafeteria listening to them talk about work.
During freshman year of high school they were doing the yearly awards. One of those being perfect attendance and I just happened to miss the day that they did the awards. So I got a call later that day saying I won the perfect attendance award and wasn’t there to receive it.
So in the next movie can Thor forge a new boomerang? 
I once saw a Mexican speak broken English to an Armenian who spoke broken English. They understood each other perfectly. 
Notice me, senpai, you colossal fucking idiot 😚
...mixed with the boring parts of the Academy Award ceremony.
My neighbor was literally just TALKING to me about if something happened to her dog in the future she wouldnt know what to do and started crying in front of me..
As a graphic designer, my entire career exists because I was able to pirate Photoshop 10 years ago.
*Always live in the ugliest house on the street—then you don’t have to look at it.”* - David Hockney
Have you tried turning her off and back on again?
!redditgreen
Trees see us climbing them more like an ant on their body for a second
Technically a parking ticket is just how much it costs to park where you arent supposed to.
One time I woke up with my head at the bottom and my feet on my pillows. Still dont get how. 
Humans are apparently good at explaining events that have happened and tracing why, but are pretty poor when it comes to predicting the future even with historys knowledge
I wish I had a Voodoo doll of myself so I could give it a back rub.
There is no hot water and it’s cold in here
As an adult, you dont remember all the fights you had with your friends as a kid
In Monsters Inc. the most respected people in society are factory workers.
Dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths.
You mean like purses made out of chicken skin?
I vaguely remember hearing somewhere that the first actor who said curses, said that because he refused to actually curse. 
I think “boob physics” is a higher draw for coders.
No spoilers!
Deciding to become a parent is like choosing to take care of a a drunk person for 13 years straight, and a hungover person for the next 5. Then paying for their rehab for the next 4.
Always eaten that shit because my mom is a dietitian... yay whole grain... 
Are you implying that two are contradictory?  I’m not getting the point you’re trying to make. 
And people in pregnancy test always have them with them in strange location. (friend house, at a restaurant or like 4 week into pregnancy... you throw them away after a day right ? )
So thats what that means, wow I just learned a thing. 
When I accidentally type my password into the username box, I always feel like someone is watching me and saying Finally got him.
Do people carry full garbage bags by only the flimsy string and not by the knot at the top of the closed bag?  
All pickles are cucumbers, but no cucumber is a pickle...
Every French person is already successful according to Britney Spearss standards (Party in France? You better work b*tch)
ITT: People bragging about how they dont care
Did you forget about the burp? Last time I farted, my ass didnt suck in a bunch of air.
Maybe kids on mars will work for peanuts. No one can stop the martians
Metal as fuck.
To have a friend, be a friend.
**bitch**^what^the ~~fuck~~
My grandparents were together for 62 years. My grandfather passed away due to complications of hip surgery 2 years ago. Since then my grandmothers really good health has declined. She told me when he passed that she could count on one hand how many nights they had spent apart. Their love and her strength has given me a true meaning of what it means to be married. Marriage isnt just what you do it isnt the final step for a relationship. It is truly giving yourself to another person and choosing to love that person every day. When they would fight, they would separate into different rooms to cool off. And then, somewhere in the house the music would begin. And they would dance. Round and round, till the anger, hurt or sadness was replaced with hope, forgiveness, and love. I dont dance, but thats what I picture for my marriage, which begins in 15 days. I would count their marriage as a success. 
And the one day smart Redditors disable subreddit custom CSS styles. 
Elon Musk just Tony Starkd NASA.
Our parents warned us for years about the dangers of the internet while knowing nothing about it, then finally dove in and fell for every. Single. One.
“A Toyota” is too 
You dont own the atoms in your body. Its just your turn to use them.
Virtually all of the “tough guys” you see on TV and movies were theater majors in college.
Dogs just hate unions.
Revising Mad scientist doomsday plan:  1/3 destroyed  1/3 control group  1/3 convinced THEIR part was destroyed to test placebo effect 
Cut to that shot of Christian Bale running down a hallway completely naked wielding a chainsaw in front of his penis. 
I like to think some renegade ant one day said fuck it. And then proceeded to bring it back on purpose.
He talks a lot of shit but he respects the music, the history, and the people that came before him
What I find interesting is that although that’s true, I can always tell when someone else is texting me on their device. Personalities do have a way of getting through.
Non sequitur. Edit: spelling. 
Good thing I’m not *that* good at sex.  Edit: I’m pretty good. 
Not really no. Playing VR daily helped me lose some weight, but its not strength training or dieting. I had to pick up biking to advance past a certain point.
I read this on the toilet and now I dont know what to feel... at least I can say Im connecting with others now...
Life before portable music must have been boring
You should know that you can store butter in a covered dish on the counter so you always have soft butter for spreading.  We have always done this and consume it within a week or so, and have never had it go rancid.  We dont use margarine for anything and serve bread with dinner every night so your milage may vary.  If you find that your butter goes rancid before you can use it all, put out a half-stick or get a butter bell with a water seal.
I’m wrapping “presents:” in a tube sock.
He always orients his ass in the opposite direction of travel and directs it downwards when hovering in place, indicating from whence the thrust originates. His ability to fly degrades at the same rate as his muscular strength which indicates a muscular component.   Conclusion:  Kryptonians have an extra muscle / muscle group that can propel gas (and possibly solids) outwards with great force, to an extent that a yellow sun powered kryptonian can use this mechanism to achieve powered flight. This likely evolved due to lower quantities of plant fiber on krypton as the energy production of their sun decreased.  He figured it out years ago but cant/wont use it.
You cant judge a book by its cover, but you can judge a YouTuber by their video thumbnails
40 is old now?
Bean soup, surely?
If everything except nature is made of humans. Example: time, daily routine, expectations, material goals(own house, car), society; laws, knowledge, etc. Then we have much more impact to construct our life than we think.
Citizenfour was made available publicly, yknow, the actually good Snowden movie
Never trust a fart...  Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement - anonymous man who trusted a fart.
My Grandpas surname is Watson.   His favourite joke when I was a kid was telling me that the name originated centuries ago when a child asked his father what their name was and the father was going deaf.  His Grandfather also told that joke to him. 
[deleted]
Holding your breath for seconds can stop hiccups for once and hold it longer can stop it forever
Or alien ships enter orbit and were hailed; the visual image we have indicates the aliens are actually humans.  Greetings from the Imperium of Man, we bring glad tidings from the Master of Mankind, the Emperor...
Finding a quarter on the ground is much more exciting if your at an arcade.
time to become a flat earther
I used to work in a games store, you’d be amazed how many people needed help setting up their consoles, even when it tells you what to do while you’re setting it up.  Moral: people are stupid.
Sheet music is just a written language for instruments..
Next time a conspiracy theorist tries to tell you what really happened, present a more outlandish theory and accuse them of covering up the truth.
Maybe theres a delicious shower thought hidden behind the old TIL and AskReddit leftovers. 
Can I think about the emergency chute instead? 
Well most of the time. They do take pride and time into their game, so ya I’m fine with it
So deep story time. In hs I always wanted to win the perfect attendance award, but alas always got sick once a year and had to take a day or two off. While I sat seething in deep jealousy at graduation, they announced the names for the perfect attendance award. There was only one person from my class that achieved perfect attendance all 4 years of hs. It was a girl that was notorious for being a bit of a bully and had quite the reputation as being Mrs. Steal-your-man. While I begrudgingly clapped for the foe who had won the award I coveted, I heard one of the parents whisper she looks like the kind of girl that wouldnt want to go home and that changed everything for me. Some people try to get perfect attendance because their school life is so much better than their home life 
the ee in pee is silent
Also, Toad isnt even a toad
Historian here: people in most cultures have tended to marrying arond the same age for most of recorded history. About the early twenties for women, and the late twenties for men.   This varies a little depending on economic conditions, and a little for religion and social status. But is fairly consistent.  The reason: men need to be old enough too have enough income/property to support a family. And women need to be old enough to safely bear children AND their father needs to be wealthy enough to afford a dowry. So the difference between 17 and 23 is six extra years to save up some cows/goats/camels/silver coins whatever.  Many people think people married young because of noble or royal marriages. But these were meant to seal alliances, and thus followed different rules. Even then, the marriages werent typically consummated until the woman was of age...anywhere from 17-20. Remember, they want heirs, and a 21 year old has better prospects at surviving pregnancy than a 14 year old.  As always, there will be exceptions, and plenty of commenters will point out historic examples of 13 yeah old brides with their third pregnancy. I merely talking averages and norms.
Dating is explaining yourself until the other person starts to be interested in you.
Everything is a slur if your tone is condescending enough. Go back where you belong, *floof*!
As someone who does science, I don’t think people who don’t understand what I do are morons. I just think they have knowledge in other areas. 
The worlds most scary thing is being home alone during winter and sitting on a warm toilet seat on a really cold day.
The dog that was in Beverly Hills chihuahua isn’t dead yet 
Fuck. This is exactly me right now. 45% bored, 45% stressed, 10% horny  Edit: TIL any comment with percentages gets parodies of Remember the Name which is cool, I guess
Showed them.
In the future it’s gonna be considered super weird that we in the present all carried keys around with us.
I cant stand an unorganised desktop 
Because your eyes can adjust themselves to handle different brightnesses, but your ears cant do anything to adjust the volume of what youre hearing.
Not-so-fun fact: it is possible for men to lactate too
The nipples are the boobs of the boobs
No, a female is technically iron man
I always keep my desktop clean while in the meantime I can barely sleep in my bed because of all the clothes 
I once had a sex dream about a threesome with my girlfriend, and a clone of my girlfriend. Woke up like Yeah, Im a good person.
It doesn’t feel like a win for me 
The best Spotify ad would be silent with a picture so when it came on you would check why your music stopped and see the ad
Same applies to pool noodle
true
My phone has about 5 “befores” and no “afters”. 
People who say not to talk to them before their morning coffee are basically saying that theyre unpleasant to be around when theyre not under the influence of drugs
Goofy Movie is another good example. As a kid I thought Max was so cool and Goofy was so... Lame. But I rewatched it a year or two ago and the way he treats his dad who is just trying to bond with him and give him a good life... I really look at Max as a stupid little shit now.
But you can unlock it still?? Or kick it down. 
Adulthood is so much better, realistically.    Edit: Jeeze, guys- almost 8k karma for an off the cuff comment?   Glad you guys enjoyed your discussion,  though!
Your brain has a default font style when we are thinking about a word or number
Probably not.   I mean it currently owns much less than just Britain on its own. The British Empire was huge.
FADE IN:  INT. AN APARTMENT - DAY  *A young man enters his apartment, a weary expression on his face. This is STEVE. He absentmindedly hangs his keys on a hook by the door and looks as though he is about to take off his jacket, when a sudden crashing noise snaps him out of his tired stupor.*  **STEVE:** (*Shouting*) Dave? Dave!  *Steve rushes into the living room, where he sees a second young man holding a rubber mallet. This is DAVE. A broken coffee table is in pieces on the floor.*  **DAVE:** Dont worry! Its all okay now!     **STEVE:** What happened in here?!     **DAVE:** Ive altered history!  *A few seconds pass in silence.*  **STEVE:** Excuse me?     **DAVE:** Well, future-history.     **STEVE:** What are you talking about?     **DAVE:** You can think of it as being our future, but not *quite* as far ahead in the future as...     **STEVE:** (*Interrupting*) Why did you smash the coffee table?!  *Dave grins excitedly.*  **DAVE:** Oh, thats the brilliant bit! I worked out how to save humanity, and Ive just done it! Everything is fixed!    **STEVE:** Apart from the coffee table.     **DAVE:** Well, yes, but everything else.     **STEVE:** Youre going to pay for that.  *Dave suddenly looks indignant.*  **DAVE:** You could be a little more grateful.  I *have* just saved the future, you know.      **STEVE:** You have also yet to explain how demolishing our furniture accomplished that.     **DAVE:** Okay, look: You know how when time-travelers go back to the past, theyre always worried about changing something?     **STEVE:** I am familiar with that scientifically inaccurate trope, yes.     **DAVE:** Well, I realized that nobody in the present ever thinks about altering the future.     **STEVE:** Right, so, I suppose all of those environmentalists just enjoy irritating oil companies.     **DAVE:** I mean... dont they?  *Steve sighs and rubs his forehead in evident frustration.*  **STEVE:** How does reducing our living room to splinters change the future?     **DAVE:** Ah, well, the Earth was going to be overrun.     **STEVE:** What?     **DAVE:** Yep. Humans wiped out. Ive stopped that from happening.     **STEVE:** By smashing the coffee table.     **DAVE:** Technically, that was just collateral damage.     **STEVE:** ... Excuse me?     **DAVE:** There was a spider on it.  *A moment passes. Steve blinks at Dave, his face expressionless.*  **DAVE:** (*CONTD*) It was going to lay eggs, and then *those* spiders were going to...     **STEVE:** (*Interrupting*) You freaked out and smashed a spider.     **DAVE:** Yes.     **STEVE:** With a mallet.     **DAVE:** It was either that or a frying pan.     **STEVE:** Where did you even *get* a mallet?     **DAVE:** Look, it doesnt matter! What matters is that were safe. See?  *Dave shows the mallet to Steve.*  **STEVE:** Shouldnt there be spider guts on it?  *Suddenly alarmed, Dave pulls the mallet back and examines it. He starts peering around the room as though worried about an ambush.*  **DAVE:** Oh... bugger.     **STEVE:** So much for the future.     **DAVE:** Hey, uh... how attached are you to the television?  FADE OUT.
If you dream about peeing and woke up with pee on your bed, it’s dream come true
Its not fair that coffee stains your teeth brown, but milk doesnt stain them white.
My microwave resets its power level to max when the timer runs out. I recently found out that setting it to 5 instead of its default 10 cooks food *waaaay* better. When its set to 10 it will turn pizza into a molten river sauce and cheese in less than 30 seconds. All the more reason to stop it from beeping.
Not exactly the same, but my group of friends eventually had to start lying to one friend about times. He would still be late but much less so. 
They pretend to be nice, gotcha
My favorite strip club memory is of a heavy set young lady coming on stage for a 2 song dance. The DJ must have had some kind of beef with her because the second song was literally whale calls. But she was a true professional and finished her set like a G, owning those whale calls. 
Clearly u have never played darksouls
Porn is now essentially a hegemony with legit and safe websites while recipes and artsy craftsy content is full of crazy pop-up traps and high-volume auto-playing ads.
Maybe there are stealth vegans who dont feel the need to tell everyone.
But everyone will think youre a freaking weirdo.
Found the vegan
I just lost my headphones for a week now. Imagine what its like taking trains for 2 hrs without music.
Its saved my ass a few times when Ive put the wrong time in and seen that the alarm going off in 17 hours is a mistake...
This is some next level math
No, in the mirror universe other stuff would happeb than in ours. But we observe that in mirrors the same stuff happens. So they cannot be portals into a mirrored universe
you sleep 12 hours a day?  thats not normal.
I didnt realise this before, but sounds about right. 
You don’t have a personal right to do something illegal.   I wish people didn’t have the personal right to endanger vulnerable members of the public by not getting vaccinated either.
You can be 50 and old. Like Obama   Or 90 and young. Like William Shatner. 
Panties lost their sexiness to me when I did the laundry and could no longer tell if they were my wifes or my daughters.
Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond are also the three things that make a waffle.
Dr. Strange is a movie about the importance of saving before a final boss.
Can someone help me download pornhub on my computer i cant seem to find the way  
A copbro doesnt live in my room though.
Disappointment is life’s manifestation of Hunt’s ketchup.
The classic statement, People who live in elaborate sand castles shouldnt throw solid aggregated minerals.  
Or maybe we do actually die and our matter still exists? What do you mean by recycled?
On a similar topic, where can I actually complete a legit IQ test?
Does fucking a sex doll in the toy story universe constitute as rape? 
Its amazing how people will spend an extra five minutes circling or waiting for a parking space in order to avoid an extra 30 seconds of walking.
Especially famous musicians. The legends from the 60s, 70s, and even 80s are going to keep getting older and some over the course of their lives did more drugs and drank more than most folks can handle. Its sadly inevitable that this will keep going 
My three favorite foods:  Pizza  Pasta with Garlic Bread  Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup  All have the same base ingredients.  Basically.
What friends?
Youre not looking at it the right way.   First,  its not your data,  second fuck you and pay out your ass.   Thats how they see it. 
Fucking gross dude. This is exactly what I came to this sub for
E-bola
Boo-urns 
Unless we killed them
Does being a cuck mean I made it? 
“waffles are pancakes with a syrup trap” —Mitch Hedberg 
Not me, Im gonna live forever or die trying.
People who are life long registered organ donors should get priority on organ transplant lists. There would be a lot more donors if that were the case.
Congratulations, your are pregnant! We detected a second and faster heartbeat in your body thanks to the gyroscope on your phone. 
Stale bread is the best bread for French toast!
They create new brick types each year though and have released a finite number of sets? 0 for 2 on this one mate
Dicks. We’re going to draw dicks 
If we allowed people to adopt tigers as pets, wed probably save the tiger population while getting our own population under control at the same time.
I think of this often, i would be so useless without my glasses i dont think id last long
Therefore, waffles are diamonds!
Recursion🤷‍♂️
I hope everyone arguing that this would be obviously pro-consumer realizes that this is the *opposite* of net neutrality. Companies paying to transport specific data to you (separate from the data you buy) is not neutral at all. Not saying whats right or wrong, just what the named positions entail.
Not always, my brain seems to think its my penis.
How about wet paint.
I only watch clickbait-titles videos that have bright pink thumbnails with the creator cut out having a wild expression and a large impact font screaming an exposition. 
Have a younger brother, can confirm. Older sister is kind of a bitch. No fight is too big to bring us together when it comes to her.
I mean chemistry exists
I want to put pins in a map of all the places I’ve been, but first I have to travel to the top two corners so it won’t fall down.    Miss you, Mitch. 
But if you do escape you get even more time to figure out another way out
Thats my secret... Im always horny.
Also bee vomit right?
In the UK, youre asked if you want to become an organ donor when you apply for a driving licence.   I was getting mine for becoming a motorcyclist. I thought it was a rather hilarious poke at how likely we are to get killed. 
How so?
God mode 
Aquaman is ~~water-Thor~~ Namor, but less of a dick and a much bigger pussy. *  FTFY  Also, Thor would curb stomp Aquaman with little trouble. Hes one of the most powerful beings in Marvel and is at least two tiers over Arthur.   Thor in the comics could fight Superman and stand a chance at winning. Yes, he is that powerful, plus one of Supermans weaknesses is magic. Hed have trouble dealing with Mjolnir.  Superman would probably win by virtue of being much smarter and just as strong, but Thor is close to his power level.  Thor is basically what Superman would be if Kal-El was the prince of Krypton and his planet never blew up.  Namor would beat Aquaman without much difficulty as well. Hes far more ruthless, more powerful, and smarter.
Owning pets is like having a personal squad of adoring groupies following you everywhere twenty four seven.
Well weve all kept count, collectively. There were/are enough people checking the date each day that its unlikely there will ever be a day where someone didnt make a note of what day it was. 
I got my ass waxed today. The pain was totaly worth it. Changing my diaper is ten times easier now.
That feeling when you’re not able to squeeze your hand into a strong fist in the morning is kind of what your arms feel like while punching in a dream.
I was bullied when I was around 5 by a dude who looked around 18. After retelling this to one of my friends recently. I realized how weird and sad it was he focused on teasing/bulling me.
What if that was a targeted add but it was from your local epinephrine producer? 
Crepes are just pancakes for gays
Now imagine life before he printing press 
8 hours of an erection  is two medical emergencies.  
Someone could call your landline from a location you are not aware of kid. 
Even though they‘re never depicted like that, dinosaurs had penises too.
Crepes are just French quesadillas
DO NOT TOUCH would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
And *where* did you get the internet?
But wouldnt that be black magic.
Behold: The most posted showerthought that hasnt been added to the filter yet  [Went viral a year ago and people keep stealing it ever since](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/7h3t78/the_only_part_of_your_reflection_you_can_lick_is/?st=JS6YWBR2&sh=712c144f) 
Pretty much the only person who calls me is my boss when I need to come in for overtime. My heart sinks every time and my dog associates the sound with being left alone
Dont do drugs kids!
during college i learned and accepted that im not as smart as the average kid in which i had to study a lot more and more intensely in order to get the same grades as my friends. it was really hard to accept the fact and i distinctly remember going to tutorial sessions and my friend asking me if it helped and when i said yes, she looked at my paper and asked why i got a C if it helps.  i learned to accept my limitations and work around them ... like create a different out of the box niche that makes up for my lack of smarts in one area category.  im dont consider myself successful and im not anything worth writing home about but i definitely over achieved what most people thought id become. shout out to my mom and dad for always believing in me when it felt like the world didnt 
Not a shower thought more like a advert, nice try marketing 
The fact that I cant recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what hes doing.
Thumbnails are how we know about Philip DeFranco’s neck problems.
Earth is lonely.
Randomly Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
Now we need an app that lets you draw on a virtual wall that is shared to the GPS location of public restrooms      Edit: well call it Potty Share - Now With More Dicks
IF Stan Lee passes away 
Its weird how our muscles contract so silently.
My wife is super into this series. I know next to nothing about it.  I just always found it weird they put soul-sucking demons as guards who will literally kill anything they encounter, even the children. Seems like an insane plan for a school to have.
If a ginger works at a bakery isn’t he a gingerbread man
You could even look for a place on the Internet where other people vote and comment on the theories so you could easily see which ones are the most popular
How long would it take a body to decompose on the moon? Would they mummify because the bacteria would lack oxygen as well?
Counterpoint: anything remotely resembling The Room.
And it is unproven that they wore full adidas with AirPods and waves. 
In Half Blood Prince, Crab and Goyle use it to transform into seemingly random girls. Its really creepy when you think about it.  Edit: spelling.
But emordnilap is a word
Good thing I’m a sub-par looking guy!
Is opportunity the rover?
I one time went 16 years without a job. It was awful. Eventually, though, I decided to man up, drop out of 10th grade, and get a job at Blockbuster. 
What a narcissistic ass
In the southern hemisphere summer is literally shorter than winter
*make fanny packs great again*
I never thought of it this way. 2 nights ago I had a dream I was camping on the moon and had somehow managed to get there with only the contents of my gym bag... never once did I question if it was real, I just believed it.
Azure.  Also known as blue.  Color of vast expanses of...
Did dinosaurs have eggs ?
I will go up to the six fingered man and say, hello.  
My 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times Ive chosen sleep over sex.
Id be fucked if I was judged on my twitter and reddit comments. 
This is deeper than the Mariana trench. 
Inhalers are just special vapes
Couldve been an interesting premise for a movie if it were a plausible scenario. But considering the constant changes in hardware architecture, communication protocols and security improvements its pretty much impossible for a modern virus to be effective even just 10 years from now.
if they could we would have bred them to be as fat as possible until they couldnt fly anymore like we did with chickens
Correction: YOU have no friends, and its because you post stupid shit like this. 
I dont mind autocorrect being wrong in its autocorrect that much; but when it fucking autocorrects CORRECTLY SPELLED WORDS!! Now Im pissed!!
Thats ok, our ignorance of the law can get us out of trouble!
Or games 
And yes, money can buy friendship. Thats why I dont have friends, I think 
Thats why I always go for the purple stuff. 
Pick the squares with street signs....only see billboards.
I deeply identify with this.  Our first had so many ear infections as a kid that it impaired his hearing for the first few years of life, and subsequently he had a pretty severe speech delay.  As a result, my wife and I got insanely good at interpreting his grunts and babbles, which just seemed like witchcraft to everyone else around us.
I hear what youre saying but if you think about it, isnt a beard the natural state of an adult male humans face? 
Sometimes I watch a movie and feel like the entire thing was made for clips to put in the trailer.
It will loop over so now you have 255 wishes
Whom ever disturbes this tomb will have all of thier photos sent to all of their contacts.
Read the rules for the subreddit, buddy
People are afraid of being alone in the dark because they fear they’re not alone
Farting is the body’s exhaust fumes...now and can’t stop thinking about people running and giving exhaust like s car, but it’s a fart
About 1 out of every 100 people are psychopaths, so chances are you know one personally
[deleted]
When ever someone says, Spend your money on experiences, not things., theyre making a strong case for recreational drug use.
People will usually say thats [insert verb] as hell/fuck when the sentence doesnt really make sense
Most **potent** vegetables ever... 
A moving fan gathers no moss 
Over the past year Ive taken so many before pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, I basically just have a slideshow of me getting fatter.
When I was in a gym for the first time in my life I was blown away by that fact. Did leg press last and realized that those things carry my fat ass around everyday and everywhere. Its ridiculous how much you can press even if you are not in shape.
The sad truth. 
Bu dum tss
People will start putting boots on their own cars to prevent them from leaving. 
Idk.... In my life Ive been bullied by family so I dont like them. My friends are better family than my family is. 
If you think about when the age of the celebrities really started was probably about 50-60s   .......If my calculations are correct we are rapidly approaching peak celebrity death rate!
Prosopagnosia is a serious condition. The Princes bravery in the face of it, no pun intended, is an inspiration to us all -- indeed, a reminder of one of the reasons we keep constitutional monarchy around in the first place.
Now thats what I call a shower thought. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  Edit: wow thanks for all the gold! Am I famous now? Hi Mom!
Its truly awe-inspiring that one person could create such a detailed universe. 
Just graduated from college last week. There were 1089 graduates in my ceremony alone, and 4400 total throughout the weekend. The last kid to have his name called got a standing ovation from everyone because we all knew it was finally over. The kid knew it too, as he was throwing his arms up and everything. 
If humans eventually life on both earth and mars there would be 2 google earth apps: Google Earth and Google mars6
And sometimes theyre not even ice
As someone who works in retail, Im constantly amazed by peoples inability to flush their own toilets.  Ive also learned women make much bigger messes in public bathrooms vs men.   Not sure why.  
Your car keys have travelled further than your car.
Nah, it aint the police dogs going around shooting dogs. 
I just pour gas on the snow and light if on fire..  Clears it right up..  And then when Im done the water puts out the fire. 
Maybe its the same dogs not cleaning up after themselves in both situations
Theyre doing pro bone-o work.
It’s actually exploitation. 
If Bob Ross actually turned out to be a prolific serial killer, each painting would be a place where he disposed of a body.
..the actual day off is stressful because you feel it slipping away
Its worth it when you think of all the money youll save from those micro transactions. 
I love this fact taken from wiki about the song.   “When the band wanted to release the single in 1975, various executives suggested to them that, at 5 minutes and 55 seconds, it was too long and would never be a hit.[45] The song was played to other musicians who commented the band had no hope of it ever being played on radio.[19] According to producer Roy Thomas Baker, he and the band bypassed this corporate decision by playing the song for Capital Radio DJ Kenny Everett: we had a reel-to-reel copy but we told him he could only have it if he promised not to play it. I wont play it, he said, winking ...[22] Their plan worked – Everett teased his listeners by playing only parts of the song. Audience demand intensified when Everett played the full song on his show 14 times in two days.
There should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. Not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place to learn, foster ideas and meet others who are doing the same.
I always give an extra push and and a thigh clamp to prevent it. 
I saw this posted 5 minutes ago. It wasnt a good post then, either. 
I think its because you dont get enough sleep and thus sleep anytime you can 
Catdog had an episode about this.
its the spiders house now, burn it down.
A vampire hunter is an ideal job for a vampire who wants to live among humans. People will think that bloodless bodies that you left behind are handiwork of a vampire whom youre currently hunting down.
And the processor only works at peak efficiency for about an hour or two a day. 
I went to a wedding where there wasnt a seating chart and I asked the groom where my friends and I should sit and he said, oh yeah wherever you want. I sat at the first empty table I saw and this person I never met before runs up to me and says that Im not allowed to sit there, that table is reserved, I have some nerve, etc. Im like, uh groom literally just fuckin said I could sit here, calm down. My friends and I moved to another table and some children at the next table grabbed the tables centerpiece and started licking it. Thats when I decided my wedding would have assigned seating.
2meirl4showerthoughts
What if lying just has a tangible benefit?  Im dying from super aids so give me a free pass to the front of the line of this water slide   Edit   No it wasnt a 4Chan reference damn it. 
Time is running out 
Ill never forgive you for posting this stupid shit. Not a shower thought. Read the rules next time. Dipshit. 
Its almost impossible to tell the story of Chris Brown without having a punch line
They have that spray gun thing that repairs spaceships. Im sure it works on walkman headphones too.
Believe me I dont get admired for it very often. When people offer me drinks or tell me I should go visit wine country, or a brewery when Im traveling, and I explain that I dont drink... I get all the weird looks and odd questions that you would get.  In fact, stating that I was once an alcoholic with an addiction problem is embarrassing and usually ends in awkward silence.
Thats depressingly depressing
I should have been a November baby... but my mother decided to watch a horror film on the 1st of October... and the real horror story was I didnt come out for three more days after that.   Dont watch horror films over a month before your due date, kids!
Introducing Stream TV! Get Netflix, Hulu Plus, Amazon, HBOGO and 30 other select channels! Introductory 2 year price of $150 a month!
IKEA would make a ton of money if they started selling tiny furnitures for children’s toys.
I also have trouble holding up a 200lb sack of shit.
If Google Maps just said every trip is 10% longer than it is people would be on time to things so much more frequently
Since my marriage broke down six years ago, I have sweated out of my eyes probably enough to fill a bath tub.   I know that I am still a real man, just a very, very broken one.
Any dog you see in a movie that was released before 2009 is probably dead
It requires a temperature much lower than delivery trucks or grocery store displays are set to. Just the door opening and closing would be enough to turn it into a mush rather than neat little balls. They do have dipping dots vending machines now, so keep your eyes open.   Edit: it seems like everyone thinks generic products are the same as the original, I hope your all rocking your Rolux watches and Guchi sunglasses. Two seconds of research would point you to the fact that real Dippin Dots are cryogenically frozen at - 320 degrees and must be held at - 40, unless your grocery store has a special freezer what your store has is a poor substitute. They cant be created in the same way and then stored at 0, the usual setting of a grocery freezer. Generic brands are exactly that, a poor substitute made in a lower quality to profit off the originals name or popularity. 
I’m going to age myself here, but I always felt that music was more interesting before it became a commodity. There was something exciting about going to a record store to pick up a new release, or even just browsing for something you’d never heard of before, and not knowing what it was like until you got home, locked your bedroom door, and put it on speakers. Don’t get me wrong - the proliferation of accessibility to music through services like Spotify is a great step forward in getting recognition for otherwise small-time artists,  but I’d hardly say that it was boring before.
People with only one nipple piercing just couldn't hype themselves up a second time.
Worse, farts are a reminder that we just inhaled gas that came out of someones asshole.  
Or you could cut 4 fingers off a ded body, wedge them in between your other fingers like wolverine claws and make people scream AND you make money?
Nope, hed be a Ginger Breadman.
At one time you could order a house delivered to your house from Sears. 
When a couple breaks up these days there’s a good chance they’ll find each other on tinder around the same time
There is literally no reason that the week has to start on Sunday and the weekends/weekdays have to be when they are
Technically existing makes you a time traveler. You travel into the future at a rate of 1 second per second. 
My coworkers and I (age range from 21-64) spent the last hour of the day today talking about fart jokes. This is definitely not what I envisioned adulthood as. 
Benjamin Buttons disagrees.
Kareem Abdul Jabar
Super sexual snorting lines of pure sugar up my nose in a Chuck-E-Cheese parking lot
Even if I agree with your bumper sticker 100%, I still think less of you for having a bumper sticker.
I was at a company where they always talked about the <company name> family.  The owner/CEO and COO, and most of the VPs knew everyone, their spouses, their kids, etc.  There were people that had been there over 40 years.  When my kid was in the hospital with Pneumonia, the Owner/CEO stopped by, asked how he was , told me to take the time I needed, etc.  Sent a gift basket, etc.  This all lasted until the day I walked in, was told my position was eliminated, heres your severance, and turn in your company car keys (I didnt even have a ride home).  CEO and COO have never said a word to me after that, to this day.  I had just had my Ex file for Divorce, and had moved into a rental (and was paying for 2 households).  It was 3 days before my birthday.  I was devastated.  Youre like family to them as long as they need you, but never be mistaken that they wont walk your ass out the door in a heartbeat, if its the most economically attractive option.
I was trying to think of a quote like:   Opportunity lasts longer than Spirit, in the end all that remains is Curiosity.
Cherriessssssssssss and h2o
I dated a woman who had photo albums of Limousines she had taken pictures of. ALBUMS. I asked why and she said There might be someone famous in them. She was from a tiny midwestern town and had only been in NY for just over a year, so I chalked it up to that. About a month later, I hired a Limo take us to a concert and she about lost her mind.
Nick Offerman said in an interview that everyone views him as the quintessential mans man. No frilly girl stuff. But in my family, I was the one who went to theatre school.
A gay man doing donuts in a car are technically fruit loops
This is why we so desperately need to metastasize to other planets.
They used to ship **houses**. Sears sold really nice kit homes by mail order. It is mindboggling that they were so behind the times. They became a less-attractive Walmart but in really expensive leases.    And it isnt just Amazon that beat them. They could have beat Best Buy and Home Depot too. They had established relationships with all the brands and had some of the most well-known and trusted brands in home improvement. Their stores are so depressing and have been for decades. Theyd bury the things they could have been known for, like video games and systems, because they were always behind the times.
The one thats ticking is mine!
Kids sit around wishing they were adults and adults sit around wishing they were kids. The cycle of life 
Nah. My dead naked body is to be shot out into space on a 700 year orbit. I’m gonna be a controversy, then a piece of trivia, then an old wives tale, then a lost legend, then my naked ass is gonna come a-screaming back into the atmosphere in a raging fireball.   Edit: check that I’m dead first. Or whatever 
I mostly say bless you to people I like. Everyone else can burn in hell. 
Thats because you were raised *outside* the barn.  As evidenced by the animals leaving.. those who were actually raised *in the barn* do not care about closing the door themselves.
Thrid job: get funding of of rich people to do that research
That’s right. You are suspicious, and they are *suspect*.
In the wizarding world, rappers would be the hardest to battle. Imagine how fast they could cast multiple spells.
Of couuuurse... **swords**
Social anxiety was an inside job
All the adult vikings in How to Train Your Dragon have Scottish accents, the teenagers have Midwestern accents, and the movie takes place in Scandinavia. Gobber is the only one with a proper accent.
Then everyones phones would go   Sorry, I didnt get that.
If we can’t see air, maybe fish can’t see water.
No its not.
Yeah, if referees were shooting the athletes every time they didn’t bow down to their authority immediately.  Or if refs were enforcing fouls or penalties for what the athletes do with their own bodies in the privacy of their own home.
If they keep jumping forward with sequels itll eventually take place in present day.
No, Im charging myself, I just sit in the bed. 
\>sitting cross-legged on the couch   \>pillow in lap   \>Plate on pillow          Um.   
r/blackmirror 
But what if I *never* run?
Nobody is talking about what happened to the giant squid. 
who cares about their burgers the pizza is the pizza for you and me 
If nightmares are dreams, then exes still make our dreams come true.
C-3PO is an ageless immortal, who passes his time learning languages and uses simpleton charm to cope with the fact that he’s watched 3 generations wreak havoc throughout the galaxy.
This was a “whoa” moment initially, but then I realized, pretty much everything is older than you are when you are born. The light around you is no different. 
Apple sending product placement into your DREAMS now
What happened today, buddy?
i mean..
Your skull always smiles.  Skeletor is the happiest villain.
Alcohol is the spicy of the water.  FTFY  Edit: Well I didnt expect my most upvoted comment to be about the fact that vinegar isnt spicy, but Ill take it.
I had got off a 12 hour flight from a 12 hour time change.. then went to a wedding. I do not remember much of said wedding 
Remember when google earth came out and everyone at school played with it in the computer lab?
If you want the water to give 110, you have to pressure it.
I thought the ability to use sarcasm was said to indicate high level mastery of a language. 
I wish I could just download that couch from Amazon Japan.
No since filters are extremely polluting when it comes to water (which seems to happen a lot). It must be this guilt that makes me kill myself at slowburn (or lack of will who know..) 
Please do explain that with some math.   Because no way Im looking at it, does it make it more expensive for snacks and drinks.   Free movie with snacks and drinks.  Expensive ticket for a movie, plus snacks and drinks, from the cinema.   Movie on TV, with snacks and drinks 
r/kanye 
*Looks through everything new on Reddit.  *Closes out of Reddit  *Stares blankly into nothingness for a moment wondering what to do now.  *Opens Reddit. 
Porn sites should have bright backgrounds while the video is buffering so I dont have to see my reflection
What about when someone asks for the last bite that youve been saving for the end? 
Jet fuel doesnt melt steel beams
You can wear a stormtrooper outfit without anybody suspecting youre up to no good
Id be more inclined to believe you if I wasnt positive youre just the CIA trying to convince me to stop conspiring against you....not fallin for it /u/NeverBob, if that is your real name.
A more realistic occurrence is that someone will be the last person to die from cancer. 
Owning a cat is like owning a cactus. They lie motionless in the sun most of the time, dont care too much for your attention, hurt like hell if you touch them wrong, and no one wants to hear your stories about them on a first date.
If you put a plastic bag behind them, theyll run way faster.
If you dont look back on your past self and cringe, then you didnt grow as a person.
When two people kiss they make a long tube, starting at one butthole and ending at other butthole.
By tickles. 
I crawled blindfolded through high school, Highest Honors  I’m currently dragging my body through college, wake up call.
I had a calculus final that day. I was so chapped when I woke up and the world was still here.
Mens underwears most underrated ability is to stop those last dribbles from showing on your pants
An easy way to see if your date is an asshole is to ask them to go to a stand up show. If they say no because the comedian made fun of them theyre dick head dinos.
Many already do. Its called a 360 performance review. 
Turn off your wifi.  Youll live longer.
We all live in the past. The past of tomorrow that is
You mean the team of 500 programmers that made Photoshop? 
Yes that is so true
Dogs bring home sticks because we have selectively bred for prey drive in dogs. If it was any other object (preferably a toy or a live animal) your dog would bring that home instead. And sticks make a satisfying-enough toy where no other toys are available. Plus the are fun to chew and destroy, which improves dental health. Of course, bones are the best choice because dogs can get infections and abscesses of a splinter gets stuck in their gums.   Source: I’m a professional dog trainer. 
Who ever made up the idea that a thumb isnt a finger its dumb.
[deleted]
In 20 years, where youre going you wont need roads.   *theme music intensifies*
**AND I HAVE TO SCROLL BACK UP, CLICK THE VIDEO ITSELF WHICH PAUSES IT, UNPAUSE IT, AND THEN I CAN HIT SPACE.** *Thanks Obama.*
or maybe they just wanted one 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
And yet your milk production hasnt improved in that time. 
If someone’s been deaf all their life, what language will they think in.
Reading how to play a pen and paper role playing game is the equivalent to installing an rpg on your computer /consol.
I dont think I have ever checked the news to validate something I saw online. Has anyone?
Only once? Its going to happen again and your still going to be confused as its happening.
Whenever you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger.
whenever I see a cop in my house, I scoop him up into a cup and put him back outside.
You might see them in the wild if the animals fertilized and weeded the area around them and watered them on dry days.
Do you realize that if aliens come to Earth, we will have to explain why we made movies in which we fight and kill them
Watching people come through the arrivals gate at an airport is like watching a random person generator.
If organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public relations move.
hmmm not really. you learn different things about yourself and others to grow.
and they probably celebrated less, unfortunately 
Not quite. A parrot will learn to repeat words it frequently hears. Now the first person to OWN a parrot probably had a hard time convincing their friends their bird talked.
Today, if you had something made in China 300 years ago, most people would be impressed too. 
When youre sick, the advice you get is to literally do drugs and stay out of school.
Oh
If only Black Mirror episodes ended with a heartfelt message of hope...   Edit: if one more person comments San Junipero tho you can come fight me in the Quagmire. 
This is almost as good as the timeless waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds awesome if you dont know what those 2 things are. Well done my dude. 
It will finally be the droid we are looking for.
*flips out map*
This would be all fun and games until you’re home alone at 3 AM, using the bathroom and forget to pause the show...     *ha ha ha* 
As someone who used to have an all white cat, this is 108% true. She passed away in 2015 and Im still finding random hair from my Boosie kitty places.
Hospital gift shops would be so weird if they were themed the same way as other gift shops
How many hours you wore it? How many hours the cow wore it? Yeah. 
Kinda like “bollocks” vs. “the dog’s bollocks”?
As someone with bad dyslexia, I am super aware of this. I ghost-wrote two published novels and I’m still scared everyone is going to think I’m an illiterate dumbass. 
Humans are most physically vulnerable when naked yet nothing is more physically threatening than a naked person running at you.
Choking on a cough drop then coughing it up has to be the most ironic thing
Cats are also totally cool with it. In fact, the bastards always demand shit from me and for some reason I comply to their demands. 
True of any government employee. The government effectively gets a 15-30% rebate on every dollar they spend.
*skeets in alien*
No alien civilization has figured out how to delete the universe.
In jr high there was a math teacher who swore by this to the point where kids would roll coins on the ground to watch him pick it up.
Getting shot is basically a really fast poke.
Thats great, if youd be happy with flappy stretch marked skin that you need to tuck away..
[deleted]
The movie industry would be happy to let a 13 year old buy a full price ticket and watch an R rated movie.  It’s the MPAA that sets the 17 year old for R rated movies rule.
Why cant we have a funny black guy anyway?
Pigs can swim though
I spent my entire life completely not understanding why anyone would like turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and all the other parts of Thanksgiving dinner.  One year in college I didnt fly home and went to a friends house instead-and learned that Thanksgiving can be delicious when your grandmother isnt a terrible cook.
If you are looking at 6 foot tall person youre basically watching how deep in soil youll be after you are deceased
I bought AAPL in 1999 and sold it in 2001 because it wasnt going anywhere.  Also bought Sony at its peak in the early 2000s, right before it tanked.
Thats okay. Bob Ross and Mister Rogers would forgive them anyway.
Can confirm: there is plenty of fanfiction about this. 
Every year on the calendar we pass our future death anniversary.
That’s why it seems like every criminal gets caught you very rarely hear about crimes that the criminals werent caught for.
Is... Is this an actual shower thought? As in, a thought you think while taking a literal shower? (slow clap) 
And save other lives...
In 50 years, How Its Made will be made by robots.
A single fly flies, a few flies fly
Meanwhile Nest gives Alexa the cold shoulder when I need to know the current fucking temperature in the house.
The real point behind that fantasy is that you can touch *any* girls boobs.
I find it creepier when you visit a cave and realize there are several hundred feet of rock above your head.
What if earth is just God making bread...
and morals 
But if I do that, where else am I supposed to have my temper tantrums on the floor?
Are you telling me youd have sex with a woman but not drink her milk, and drink a cows milk but not have sex with it?  Pretty much the most funny clip on Superstore
Nothing beats writing something important in a textarea and trying to edit with backspace and going to the previous page. Yay.
My parrot laughs if he hears anyone else laugh. It is creepy as hell.
everytime you watch youtube it slows the internet down and ruins the computer  My dad, who has like 50 toolbars and never used incocnito for anything, so his history was full of strange porn and him always clicking on these hot girl in your area things 
Hospital food probably tastes so bad because it doesn’t have absurd amounts of butter and salt.
What about mushrooms? 
If you sit on it would you be able to sit up. You know you are crushing yourself, so infinite crush? 
Having kids is like having little broke bestfriends that think youre rich
Thanks for ruining gta for me
You can drink lava. 
The best part of a cucumber tastes like the worst part of a watermelon.
Me at 8 years old: Man I dont wanna go to sleep yet, its just 10.30  Me at 26: Its 8.30, I need to be in bed now to have 8 hours of sleep and wake up for my 2 hour commute.  9-5 in the streets, 9-5 in the sheets
It’s because of the power of the door. It’s symbolically perfect for us because you really have no idea what’s on the other side of them. But you want to.
That sounds like shit and is fitting for that failure of a game. 
Not necessarily. If you’re around other people who are all different than you, you might realize something was off about yourself. Depending on the condition, you might figure it out. 
What about the morgue?
[deleted]
Ignorance yes but conviction with ignorance is even more dangerous 
A 32 year old Cartman scares me.
Quick dwarf related question. If you were to rob a store and then end up in a police line up do you think theyd be able to round up enough people with dwarfism approximately your height?
I managed to break lego pieces. Mostly technic parts overburdened by force, but still. Still grinds my gears.
[removed]
Knowing you have the next day off is more relieving than the actual day off
I object  Edit: what have I done
more fun when you use cheat codes
A whole reverse ceremony. “Do you, John Smith, leave Janice Johnson as your lawfully divorced ex?” “I do” “It is now time to return the rings and break your vows” 
Oh, eye see....
Well once all the schools banned them (at least they did around here), there wasnt much demand from kids anymore.
I think it’s the combination of not wanting others to have to engage in the kind of pain depression brings on and thus you never experience the relief of expressing your feelings to another person or the validation that it may bring. At leasts that’s why i get the lonelys
Pretty sure if a lion sneaks behind me and roars, I wont be finding it too entertaining.
This is why I’ve hired a scribe. 
Counter Strike is just like Edge Of Tomorrow, you relive the same scenario again and again until you become perfect.
If you apply this for a category of individual such as first child to break 2 World Records, first woman to break 2 world records, first sportsperson, first flight attendant and so on, you could have a huge number of individuals with infinite awards. Brilliant.
There will be PLENTY of people who die AFTER we invent a form of immortality.
Unless they tell you themselves, you will never know who the greatest thief is.
sleeping is just four-dimensional fast travel
My horn only has 2 levels. toot please go or HONNNNNK movemotherfucker
Due to bacterial evolution with respect to our bodys defense mechanisms, travelling to the future would most likely kill you and travelling back in time would kill anyone you came in contact with
Theyre all technically remakes, too.
People with anxiety are basically way too aware of being alive
It seems like OP has been thinking about Louis C.K. in the shower...
Its always easy to fall asleep on a couch unless youre actually trying to fall asleep on a couch.
From Living Without Electricity (by Stephen Scott and Kenneth Pellman):  > “The majority of Old Order Amish use lamps that burn “white,” or clear, gasoline or naphtha.  The fuel tank in these lamps is filled with compressed air.  The air forces the fuel to the generator tube, where it is vaporized, and then to the mantles, where it is burned.  > Mantles are loosely woven fabric bags treated with a rare earth mineral called thorium.  Before actual use, the fiber of the mantles is burned away, leaving only a fragile mineral skeleton.  When the lamp is lit, the mantles glow very brightly but do not flame after the first few seconds.”
your moms are gay makes more sense than you mom is gay
Front and Center are actually terrible seats causing neck strain.
Happy cake day
Forgot how I got mine... 
W is double v.
*Dogg years.  Edit: Wow. Uh...thanks for the gold and the love, guys. Heres the message from my anonymous gold-giver: Happy new years friendo. Im fucking drunk
Dont. Dont do this to us.
Where do babies come from?  Jeff Bezos breeds humans so he has a never ending supply of slave labor for his sorting facilities. He lets people buy them for increased profit margins.
Minimalism meets optimism. 
My wife’s uncle works 3 jobs and goes 2 days without sleeping most times
My car speakers died on one side so I got vocals and miscellaneous instruments. Made me appreciate those aspects more when the other side came back and drowned it out. 
Thats because what you thought was an adventure CYOA turned out to be a cleverly disguised horror CYOA
Youd probably be the only person with 13.8 billion $1 bills though.  That probably counts for something. 
I always do that. I cant stand seeing that or even sitting on a toilet with piss on it or whatever juices are on it. 
Its precisely the fact they they are the most vulnerable and still advance that should cause concern. They must know something you dont. And its in your best interest to not find out. 
I like how this turned into an AMA
Teachers putting tests the day before a school break are like students handing in their assignments at the last minute
[Herpes](https://youtu.be/oeCDnCcwfwU)? 
Peggy Hill is a teacher and a Boggle champ. 
Happy cake day
Knowledge is knowing that you can carry all of the groceries in at once. Wisdom is making multiple trips so that by the time you are done, other family members have put away most of the groceries.
imagine if you knew them all though... wouldnt that be more depressing?
The more you try to sleep the more difficult it is to sleep
When I see the other person typing I type faster so I can be first
If I were independently wealthy I would just go to school and travel the rest of my life. Spend a year here and there and attend whatever local uni while there. See the world while you learn about the world...
In the “People you may know” tab sometimes pops up people you wish you won’t know ever again.
I am not afraid to admit I suck at video games. Still love them tho.
To turn your back on someone is considered bad but having someone's back is considered good.
I see what your saying, but I’m afraid you’re incorrect. A [masochist](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/masochism) derives from being hurt or humiliated. A [sadist](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sadist) derives pleasure from inflicting pain. So you cannot logically be both at the same time
and people who post pics of food with the menu name so i know what the hell im looking at
Is this what Kyle Reese told Sarah Connor so she would let him smash? Smooth af
what about fuckn soup
Best one Ive seen all week. Thank you, Id upvote twice if I could 
Oh man, Bolts quickness would probably give him the benefit, but Phelps has those dives.
Snowden doesnt really leak.  Wait until it turns into Waterden.
The older you get the more tedious and annoying video game tutorials are...
That must be one hell of a shower, OP. 
We came on the meteor 
Rich enough you wouldnt be cooking your own dinner. 
Fuck my ears and fuck my Skull Candy. One day Ill have robot ears and EVERYONE is gonna be super jealous 🖕🖕🖕🖕
This may be a shower thought but I dont quite see how its mind-blowing...
Theres always gonna be a new game that people from the last generation hate. In reality they dont hate it theyre just jealous of the younger generation being able to enjoy something the same way they used to.
Whether youre a woman or a straight man, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day.
...at least initially...
Let’s all remember back when suspect sites had the power to change your homepage. I got really good at quickly navigating the internet options tab.
My favourite is, trying to hold a conversation while high is a lot like doing the best impression of yourself you can do.
And the table of contents is fast travel.
True friendship is when you floop their ears just to mess with them...
When I flew into China they actually have you show the tags on the bags and the ones they give you at checkin, but yeah everywhere else I flew it was just free for all. 
http://i.imgur.com/7qy3wPY.jpg
I work with a lot of Chinese people. Theyll apologize sometimes for mispronouncing things. I always feel like the idiot for misunderstanding them. My reply is always Dont worry about it. Your English is a lot better than my Chinese.
How do I stop the ones not getting laid from shitting on my car ?
I imagine it would end up like Futurama. Once you hit a certain age you get sent away to the Near Death Star.
You just watched mr beast didn’t you
You just gotta know when to pull out 
No one is really afraid of the dark. They're afraid of their own mind. Because when it's dark, all you're left with is your thoughts and imagination.
Speak for yourself. My right nipple-nut is used to regulate body temperature, while my left nipple-nut is used mainly to pick up shortwave radio transmissions.
Id just stab it in the heart area and hope it works.
Honking back at someone who blows their horn at you for your driving is the “no u” of the vehicle world.
Pulling “ The girl card” is basically gaslighting someone.
Ants are just nature’s nanite janitors. An infestation is just nature helping you clean.
People who are trying to get pregnant will buy more tests if the result is negative. People who dont want to be pregnant will not buy another test no matter what the result. Even if they want to confirm a result, theyre likely to choose another brand. 
Also your single self at any point in the future.
Who says Im the brain? Oh, the brain? Shit.
Pandas are white,black and asian at the same time.
Pro tip: Use your shoe to lift the seat up before you pee. Whoevers next might think youre a jerk for leaving the seat up, but they probably^* wont think youre the one who peed all over it.  *(or they might think that you peed all over the seat and then lifted it up to hide your crimes, but thats some conspiracy theory level shit right there.)
Nah, actual trees arguably have a way more important job.
But you can’t have sex with your pets. Or can you?
Bill Nye is doing shitty detergent commercials, but I guarantee he could do a Kickstarter titled Give me money so I dont have to do shitty detergent commercials and get at least a million bucks.
True but the dryer would mess them back up 
What did it stand for?
I wish they simply took the whole weird gold statue part out, and the romance bit out. The other addition added some depth and connected to LOTR fine. But take out the parts I mentioned then go and extend the forest scene. They didnt have the river that made people lose their memory or anything! It was one of my favorite parts in the book. I like how he told where Gandalf went off to and connected it to LOTR, thats really all he had to do. And the white orc Azog was an interesting addition but also not needed. If they kept it simple to the book, which is only like 300 pages, in a one movie, 2 movies at most, it would have been fantastic.
Ghosts arent trying to scare you, theyre just very displeased with the fact that they died, thus why they constantly shout, Boo!
People never grow up. We just act like an adult so people will give us money.
Ash calling pikachu ‘pikachu’ is the equivalent of somebody naming their dog ‘dog’.
If I could time travel, Id give my gaming PC to 12 year old me.   $50 garage sale tower with shitty $50 eBay GPU? 10,000 hours gamed on that thing.  $2000 rig, $700 monitor? (x2 because I wanted a rig to use at my gfs house too).  Maybe if Im lucky I use it for 8 hours a week.   My dirtbike is the same story, probably spent 1000 hours on the little 80cc Suzuki some deadbeat tenant gave my dad as consolidation for not paying the rent, with no protection other than a $10 flea market moped helmet. Id steal 2 stroke mixed gas out of my dads fishing boat to ride it around every day after school.   Now I have all the best protective gear, motocross bike, recent $1000 engine rebuild, a truck to take it places, maybe ride it once every 2 months?   
More like we still haven’t figured out getting to bed when we need to. 
The socks I’m gifted at Christmas see me through the whole year! I might be wearing snow men in June but I’m happy about it  Edit: wearing... definitely not eating snowmen
When someone in your neighborhood is having a BBQ, it must be the same feeling when sharks smell blood in the water.
Yeah turns Asian isn’t a color wtf 
At a certain point in your life, sitting at home alone, watching TV on a Friday night goes from being super depressing to the most enjoyable part of your week.
Probably not the scariest thing but holy crap that sounds super scary in reality then it does on paper.
Way faster than that. Vultures, ants, and other scavengers would all have a damn feast
I have to say, English onomatopoeia is dreadful.
I work in a library. We have loads of bookmarks that we give out for free.
“Doctor, it’s serious... he laughed his ass off.”
He didn’t have to worry about money no more. Which is great. One less thing.
I can confirm this, I’ll leave it up to you to figure out which one I am tho.. 
We live in a society
Now finish your drugs and back to the video games!  I’m not going to tell you again!!
The worst part is you basically have to do it every single time ... and I work in a hospital and the we has private bathrooms. Even my fellow doctors are leaving piss on seats. All that education didn’t teach human decency. Disgusting.
I put some peanut butter and jelly on a piece of bread and it also tasted like a PB&J
Passing out is essentially an emergency nap
If they dont add an S after the title Im just not gonna buy it.
All the time. Its the worst when I dream about talking to people about something and only too late realise that I havent talked to them about those things yet. Dont invite your friends to a party in a dream only. Dont write an e-mail to your University in your dream. Dont do your laundry in your dream. Dont go to school, write an exam, go back home and back to sleep in your dream. All those things might invoke real life problems.
Well no because you can check your empty phone and a notification can come through. On the other hand, its highly unlikely that the fridge will just fill itself while you watch. 
All thumbs are fingers. Not all fingers are thumbs.
The movie Snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters.
If youre 36, youve seen 15% of it.  If youre 48, youve seen 20% of it.  If youre 60, youve seen 25% of it.  If youre 72, youve seen 30% of it.  If youre..   Fuck it...   Add 12 to the age.  Add 5% more of it. 
I actually cried my eyes out recently, sitting in a park in the middle of a city (also I should note that I’m a grown-ass 30 y.o.). I had a good reason for it and just couldn’t stop crying. I was also hours away from home. Suddenly, a very young girl came up to me and asked “are you ok? If you want to talk, I’m here for you.” I was surprised! I told her basically to go away, but she said “I’m only 18 and I don’t understand everything. But I was depressed last year and cried in public this one time. It made me sad that no one even stopped to ask me if I was ok. So I want to tell you that it’s ok to cry and that I’m here for you.”   I’ll never forget the gratitude she made me feel. 
Or maybe  throwing a bucket of water on an electrical fire in the pump room is a bad idea
S-U-C-C-E-S-S thats the way you spell success   --Bart Simpson
Ah, you mean the renowned Panama Papergate.
Its been a long time since I read the Kama Sutra, but I belive it says that oral sex is only for people in low places in society, because it was considered to be dirty. 
[removed]
Ill bet the guy who invented the snooze button never invented anything else.
Youve never known the smell of anything without it being mixed in with the smell of the inside of your own nose.
The modern toilet is actually a piece of shit (HEHEHEHE) when you look at our anatomy. [Heres a video](https://youtu.be/YbYWhdLO43Q), that explains it very good. Its a commercial for a certain product but you can use any other object, that does the trick. What matters is the position of your legs.
Whats the quote? if you ever get abducted by aliens - steal something 
Pure bliss 
You can also cut off your hand with it, and then replace said hand with said chainsaw.
Its heartbreaking, but Robbie Rotten totally wasnt a villain in the traditional sense. He was just a lonely dude content with his own misery and how things were before Sportacus turned up. In reality hes more of a tragic lonely character whos scared of change.  Plus, all in all he was a pretty good guy. To quote Zangief:    >You are bad guy but this does not mean you are *bad* guy.
And forgets Kung Fu
Who am I kidding? If I had super powers, Id probably squander them just like I did my real-life potential.
Letting your kid push the cart teaches him defensive driving at a young age
Not me, Im getting cremated. 
Edgar Davids
The person who first spotted superman up in the sky was inexplicably excited to see a bird.
It can be in the game *cha-ching
...photo manipulation existed since the dawn of photography...
My dad’s 61 and he says his mental image of himself is still 19, and every time he sees his reflection he remembers that it’s been 40 years since that was true 
Nice this is quality 
I believe the scientific explanation for this is that my brain is a dick. 
As long as you dont remember
As a dwarf/little person, Im very grateful that I am neither ginger nor Irish on this day
“Violence doesn’t solve anything.” Is factually and practically incorrect.
They say that in the womb, everyone starts out looking female. By looking at old people, it seems like every ends up looking male.
I quit a great job, somebody elses dream job, to own and run a coffee shop...my dream job.  The guy I bought it from was miserable.  Funny how life works, but this past year has been the best!    
A problem shared is a problem halved but an experience shared is an experience doubled
Careful now, you might cut yourself on that edge.
*Laughs in omnipresence.*
Chris Hemsworth is best known for playing a character who throws weapons that come back to him. Chris Hemsworth is Australian.
Wow, this is pretty good. Lets check out the rest of this Chumbawamba catalog...   *Disappointed*
Watching a graduation ceremony is like sitting through a movie thats entirely end credits
Ages 1-18 are the free trial months with limited features.
Sounds like something a horse would say 
Your mom will always be considered a practice girl 
Good try, advertising agency 
What about the RAZR
Happens a lot when I hear a good cover song. Wow, I really liked them when they were singing other peoples stuff...
If you had real friends, you wouldn’t need a therapist
Til: That online hackers are capable of remote viewing my memories.
I think this mainly comes from us not knowing which of the many small actions are making huge changes in our lives until after years down the line. Maybe todays just going to be the same boring day or maybe that morning coffee will lead you to meeting a new potential employer and your life is forever changed.    Its easy to see how the mundane day to day loses its glamour but looking back we all have certain little moments that really changed us.   Edit: finally woke up and changed the ever offensive its, ha. Thanks for all the upvotes btw guys! 
Or losing, depending on your perspective.
Holy shit I never thought of that. You just fucked me up for life. 
If immortality becomes a thing... Im going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney.
Recycling shopping waste feels like wiping those brands companies asses
Pirates have always seemed good about employing people with physical disabilities.
Love this show. Really shows the genius of manufacturing. 
How exciting. You could have your cake, and Edith too.
When we say pee we might not be pronouncing the double E.
Im not fully committed to the video until I turn my phone sideways.
Who me? Ian sorry, you talking bout me again? Huh? Huh? 
The most prolific murderers in history are the ones we’ll never hear about.
and if you’re from Sunderland you can add another “pet”
First thing I got was a pizza.
Essential oil diffusers are basically bullshit.   Real alchemy is chemistry and biochemistry and pharmaceutical research
And a place where you can check inventory and take power-ups
You have never lived in a yesterday or a tomorrow, it’s all today
[deleted]
Binge watching a TV show is more socially acceptable than playing video games for the same amount of time.
At first I pictured a do not touch sign at an art exhibit. Then I realized most blind people would not find entertainment in attending such an exhibit.
[removed]
I feel bad for anyone’s butt hole that looks like lips...
Please, let this happen someday
I think that by specific criteria, everyone holds some kind of record. 
Millennials is a way for old people today to say kids these days without sounding like their cringy, grumpy old people from the past who kept saying kids these days
Should have held onto this shower thought for a month. Would have been spot on in mid-March. 
You also start realizing how most people are just winging it -- whether its running a family or running a company. Just try real hard and hope nothing breaks.
Same issue here. But then I run a scan on my wifes laptop and holy shit! It definitely works.
I wonder about this a lot too xD Like whos to say it has to be this earth, since in the Milky Way Galaxy alone theyve discovered so many planets with potential for life like our own? 
Teeth are in the mouth, not sprouting out of the forehead. 
https://www.sciencealert.com/here-s-why-a-tomato-is-actually-both-a-fruit-and-vegetable
The worst is coworkers who are slightly more adult than you putting mandatory meetings at stupid times and giving you grief for skipping them. Sorry, I dont operate at 6am even if youve been up 3 hours and hit the gym by then 
I live my life a quarter mile at a time... 
reminds me of [this](https://youtu.be/B7t8zRpcI1E)  scene from The Big Bang Theory   Sheldon: where exactly does the half sandwich come from? Are you giving me half of someone else’s sandwich? or do I have to wait for someone else in the restaurant to order the other half?
Nah, he keeps getting reset. R2 is the real god.
They put music from the 50s and 60s in medicine commercials to appeal to the older generation... meaning sometime in the future, Despacito will be playing on a commercial for laxatives.
It still hurts my lungs for some reason.
Doesnt everyday?
I am Root
And here I am having had a black & white TV as a kid...  Not even *that* old (34), we were just poor.
Realizing this also gives you the chance to help your parents with making fun projects and to remind them that you love them and the whole family. Holidays should not be stressful, they shouldnt be about money, and gifts. They should be about spending time with your loved ones and the important people in your life. Give mom a big ol hug and help her make some fucking cookies!
They are minerals Marie!
Mii > Bitmoji
Or you could say it was debt 
If I came back as a mosquito Id fly straight for the first bug zapper I saw
People that say that arent creative enough to come up with actual wisdom, so they use something like that fallacy sounds good to most people.  Your example of a dog is a good one.  [Money does buy happiness, to an extent, and that extent is well above what the majority of the workingclass make.](https://consciouslifenews.com/money-only-buys-happiness-extent-according-new-research/11148317/#)   If you disagree, you may want to ask yourself a very important question, and be very honest and think about the answers you give yourself: *Why do you have a job?*  **Edit:** Being rich doesnt automatically mean youre capitalizing wisely on the available funds. Money is just a tool. Tools can build houses, but that doesnt mean everyone with tools builds houses.
panama papers, on some real levels
What would happen if Eminem rhymed in latin?
I just had a fajita wrap from Tim Hortons in New Jersey. Thats Mexican food from a Canadian restaurant in the United States. I just ate North America.
Same with condoms.
This counter-culture movement already exists, and has existed since social media started.
*Sends you NASCAR-themed gay porn*.
I think about him in the shower too. My thought was that he’s dreamy. 
The horse is man’s best employee.
It enhances your mind, not your body..
normal chess is 3D.  It moves in the X, Y and time axis.  The chess with a board above another adds the Z dimension.  ...Technically
If you throw a rock at me it might be the last time you ever touch anything :)
But I wonder how many of them were created at the expense of a hungry boyfriend waiting for it to end
[deleted]
lol.  s got me.
Everytime I mow mine, my neighbor is outside within 30 minutes mowing his. 
“It can’t get any better” can be used negatively just as well as it can be positively
You know how many fucking roads there are!?  Fine, well make the car drive itself.
Can confirm. A lot of women compliment my beard but other men do a lot more. And to be fair, if I see a dude with a solid beard, I will compliment him.  Edit: to clarify, I didnt grow the beard to get women but learned that the minority of women that really like beards will let you know.
Some poor soul who isn’t a celebrity yet, just tweeted something that will be considered highly offensive in the future. That tweet will end up ruining their career.
we cant see water either. we only see the distortion of light created when water meets air. it is the exact same for fish
Parents begging for grandchildren have the same mentality as a child begging for a puppy: they get all of the cute with none of the work.
Hell no. It’s leaving a bathroom someone else DESTROYED before you, and on your way out, someone walks in and makes a face when they catch a whiff. And even though you only peed or even just washed your hands, you know they think it was you.
Which things in the universe are not created through heat, pressure and time?
This, here, now!
Erosion. 
And if you keep cutting the corners it will become one circle 
Now Im thinking of A series of unfortunate events but with fully grown adult batman
Today I went braless when working with bricks, I squished my left nipple in between two heavy pavers. First it was painful. Then I was aroused... then it was pain again.   Lesson learned, wear a bra when bricking.
This is the kind of stuff I look for here. 
Crotchless = daughters 
Best scavenger hunt item... receipt with ONLY one large cucumber and jar of vaseline.
In the land of the blind, um...cheap sunglasses are popular.  Or something.
There are some people out there that will vaccinate their pets, but refuse to vaccinate their children.
All living Russian roulette players are undefeated
you ever see [Cashback](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460740/), that the plot
Kanye West probably thinks he is a genius because he spends most his time with the Kardashians.
The first time a stripper jumped out of a cake must have been the most legendary bachelor party.
*Connecting to Ubisoft Uplay servers.........*
People who say pets are like kids, dont have kids
Theres a huge margin for error here.
Psst: Reddit didnt fall apart.  Its back together.  There was nowhere viable to go.  The mods didnt hold out long enough.  Were all staying here and tomorrow will be exactly the same as 2 days ago.  Sorry, guys.
*longer, to be exact 
Nice, and each eye has its own soul :)
Knock knock  Whos there?     My dogs got no nose.     How does it smell?        How does it smell who?
Mark Zuckerberg used to be a hero of the digital age, but now he has lived long enough to see himself become the villain.
Hello fellow notifiers 
The next big counterculture movement will probably be kids who reject all forms of social media
What would it feel like to have all of your teeth flossed at once
And the most penguins.
Just a thought. I see a lot of older people post that we survived lead paint, no seatbelts, no helmets etc. You do understand there are people who didnt right? Thats probably why they cant post it on FB.
What?
Is that why he responded: Whos there
Because they clean themselves with their own saliva, yep 
No it’s the Samsung smart fridge to glasses smh
It doesnt have to be swiped or stuffed in a chip-reader. Put it in a safe place and let your grandchildren find it after their parents die.
Actually there was only one species of dinosaur capable of speech, the Thesaurus
English teacher here! The way I spin it is if you can find evidence to support your claim then you are on to something. Just trying to get the kids to think outside the box by displaying different perspectives. Thats what I tell them all the time. One of the greatest things we can gain from literature is perspective. 
That guys a real jerk.
A smart refrigerator isnt one with screens, cameras, and wifi. Its one that knows to dim the light when you open it at 3am.
Nothing compares to actual poutine though
And morning tree (wake n bake)
Why is everyone competing over their sleep schedules!? 
Hunchback of Notre Dame taught me that first lol
I like to think of it as trying to look up a song or YouTube video you watched/listened to a few months ago.  You only remember small bits of the original and you have to try and parse it logically
43 here and I havent even started the main quest. I keep getting distracted by side quests and farming.
All living Russian Roulette players have never won the game
The One Ring was the OG Horcrux
Why would either of those things be gross?
We will never discover the perfect crime
This is the interesting thing about ancestry. As you move back in time your family tree grows exponentially. In the 30th preceding generation, you have over a billion ancestors. Problem is that there werent a billion people on the planet at that time (~1,000 years ago). 
Since dust is partly made of human cells, an old library isn’t just a collection of books but also a collection of the people who walk through it
Who is up for a rousing game of nighttime daytime?
[deleted]
yeah but how many people have killed themselves because they really wanted a Wii?
In Norway (I believe) they send you a text when the blood you donated saved someones life, I think thats an amazing way to motivate people.   EDIT: Apparently this is in Sweden, my bad.  EDIT 2: Read through every comment, really cool to see that this has been happening all over the world! 
Finally we have a higher purpose for Facebook. 
RemindMe! 1000 years
Every time someone sets a World Record, the world sets a World Record for number of World Records recorded.
Forever tied to the lifeless corpse of its former colleague, likely never to be used again. 
 But.... that batty rap song tho 
What if they took the kids
Earth being a planet "perfect* for life, there is just as much trying to kill us as keeping us alive.
The most unrealistic thing about SpongeBob is that he isnt sick of Krabby Patties after cooking them every day for a living.
Just like That 70s Show...Re-watched it as an adult...Eric WAS a real dumbass
Before we invented cameras, a human had never seen themselves with their eyes closed
If you grind up a rock, youre destroying millions of years of the Earths work
They both know when payday is believe me . 
My mom actually got so tired of waiting on me to have kids that she bought herself a puppy.  I think she just wants something to take care of now that both her kids have moved out of the house.
Humans are probably the only species with teeth that dont need teeth to eat.
Now would be a great time for MTV to come back out with Celebrity Deathmatch.
Not if you kick it under the fridge before it starts to melt.
Oreos have become less of a snack and more of an ingredient.
I have a new goal in life
When Im bored of reddit I close the app, but because I am then still bored I automatically open reddit
They arent so different. I think they are saying be first
My phone is a tinder/bumble graveyard. I refuse to delete anyone because I don’t want to get caught. 
Why not? Nobody has a home phone anymore?
Wrong
What about all the henchmen who are played by sports guys transitioning into film.   Dwayne the Rock Johnsons father played a henchman in a the James Bond film against Sean Connery one time, for example. He is the chieftain of a village and does wrestling in real life.
[deleted]
This is pretty accurate everyone would panic and just run for the only entry and exit they could think of
not if its made out of plastic metal and cloth.
Another thing to add is that when we say scientists are wrong, it often means that their theory is incomplete or not generally applicable, not that it is incorrect.   For example, strictly speaking, Einstein proved that Newtons laws of classical motion are wrong.  However, they are still applicable to the vast majority of cases provided you arent dealing with atomic or subatomic levels, so its not proper to say they are wrong, just that they apply to a specific case.
Iain M. Banks referred to this as the Outside Context Problem.  Youre an island civilization thats lived on that island alone for thousands of years, and your tiny achievements seem like monumental history.  Youve sent out canoes a few days sailing to see if there are other islands, but they found nothing, so the priesthood concluded the island is The World and your 15,000 people are humankind.  Then a boat 10 times taller than your tallest building crests the horizon, people in shiny metal armor hop on to your shores, and suddenly everything means nothing.
Isnt drawing with perspective technically an optical illusion?
I mean, we could try to be more personal I guess, but aside from its measurements, we dont have much else to say about a new born.   Oh hey, you had your baby!  New babys name is Steve.  His favourite food is boobie, he likes long walks on the beach, and his long term goals include trying mushy banana and eating things he finds in the couch!
Dinosaurs were mutants themselves, Earth is a crustacean planet.
As teenagers, getting picked up was embarrassing because everyone started driving. As adults, getting picked up is great because you dont have to drive.
I write songs about riding tractor, from the comfort of a private jet  ♨️♨️♨️
Bruno Mars looks like younger version of Morpheus from Matrix.
It must suck to be an air conditioner repairman. You spend your day working in buildings that have no air conditioning. When its fixed and finally cool, you leave.
Our brain constantly calculates possible futures and forgets about them immediately. Maybe deja vu is just our brain remembering the calculation and is surprised about actually having predicted the future.
New trailers also do an *injustice*; theyre often released before the final cut of the movie and show scenes or dialogue not actually in the movie. Its bait-and-switch fuckery on the part of the studios.
I have both and kids are way harder and more expensive.   If I let my dog out back to go to the bathroom everything is fine. I let my kid do the same thing I get a visit from CPS. 
Every Pink Floyd song that comes up on my shuffle, I expect the next song from the album to play and Im always disappointed when it doesnt.
Man fuck you for this. Im on the goddamn bus right now Jesus.
I mean, my dad is extremely active and healthy but still had a heart attack.   And the vast majority of people who I have met with diabetes are actually quite active and healthy.
Imagine what they think about log cabins. Humans stack bodies of your kin on top of one another to form a shelter. In the winter, they burn desiccated corpses to keep warm.
Asking a friend out is the ultimate double or nothing.
It would only be ironic to us. Not the ones who ran the simulation. They get their promotion and a handjob. At least thats how I imagine how things work for higher beings. 
Sleeping in until 11am sounds lazier than waking up at 9am and taking a two hour nap later on in the day.
What about those assholes that put the ones you cant blow out on the cake?
Not if it has been towed multiple times.
How I made your mother
U2 is just W
Dippin Dots has been The ice cream of the future for 30 years now and we still cant get it at the grocery store.
That’s why they say never try to sneak up on a vampire wearing sunglasses 
Still preferrable. Fuck traffic.
[removed]
They say with pessimism youll either be correct or pleasantly surprised, but sometimes being correct hurts like hell.
Pretty sure that’s what murderers are thinking when they dump bodies in the lake.
I believe there is a test to detect this where a machine looks at eyes while an interviewer asks lots of questions. 
Singapore has a free cinema that you can just walk in and out of, it just continuously streams films. Its really nice, plus theres a butterfly sanctuary there as well.
If you had a voodoo doll of yourself you could get unlimited free massages.
The reason is that when you dont intend to sleep your attention is focused on something other than your body, such as a tv. So your body relaxes naturally.  When youre trying to fall asleep you are focused on being comfortable which makes you more aware and less relaxed.
Being able to do well in high school without having to put in much effort is actually a big disadvantage later in life.
Turtles are basically hard sandwiches
Probably something to do with it being prime and that it comes right after 12 a number divisible by 1,2,3,4,6,and 12 making it the number with the most factors up to that point
Dude, your mom is hot.  Thats my aunt.  ... Are you sure? She looks like your mom.  Dont you think Id know my own mother? Anyway, theyre identical twins.  Ah, that makes sense. That must be where your sister gets it from!  Thats my cousin.  Jeez, dude, your uncle is a lucky guy.  First of all, gross... and second of all, thats my father.  Wait, why is your dad making out with your aunt, then?  Hes also my uncle.  ... I no longer know how to feel about any of this.  Yeah, neither do I or my half-sister-cousin.
Doing something stupid while drunk or high is like an IRL misclick.
What if there was one, single, solitary person that blinked a bit late?
If I had a friend called nick I’d call him Nickel, and watch people get confused 
Maybe we are in a simulation, and they make a few people actually experience a flat earth just to mess with us.
Houses are just big cages
One day soon there will probably be a yo mama so old joke that ends in something like she grew up without the Internet and it will be devastating
That would certainly explain the wizards-shitting-on-the-floor thing.
Tip: government cheese boxes make excellent Barbie coffins 
PSA:  This is why you bully everyone, at any age.  It’s only fair.
When I was an awkward loner in 6th grade I was riding the bus and a cute girl I didnt know very well gazed at me for a second and said super genuinely, almost involuntarily, you have really nice eyes.  That was 18 years ago and I still think about it now and then. Compliments go further than most people think.
This was used by China, along with dropping water droplets on their forehead
Well get to the point of They dont have any social media!!! *What are they hiding*????
If bread goes bad we throw it away, If bananas go bad we make bread out of them
Adulthood is when 4:30am is early in the morning instead of late at night.
Goodness thats probably the closest you could actually get to a real random generator.   But just imagine how horrifying itd be if randomized dark souls humans started pouring into the security gates.
\++ for you, OP
Nice!
If youve ever seen the 1978 Superman film, Christopher Reeve makes it incredibly believable.  The man takes off his glasses, stands up straight, deepens his voice, and says things more confidently...its incredible.
Being a great parent is not only raising a child to its full potential but also knowing the risk you may never live to see it.
Comic sans
According to [this site](https://www.menuism.com/restaurant-locations/tim-hortons-190025/us) there are 319 Tim Hortons in the US. According to Google maps there is only 1.   I dont know who is right, but I know who I want to believe.
minecraft remastered 
or Dots laced with poison
What a strange word. Honk  *honk honk*
Somewhere there are warehouses with unsold fidget spinners lined up side-by-side with all those Snap spectacles
It took me a bit if thinking to figure this out.
Isnt there like a tiny, miniscule chance that you can survive having a parachute failure? I mean, all of your limbs are broken, and probably a few ribs, but youre alive. OR, Im just looking to much into an r/showerthought and nobody really cares
And sometimes.... all three at the same time. 
Anxiety is just your brain coming up with fake news
In the future, self driving vehicles are going to drive themselves back to the dealership when payments are missed.
Delete this 
Everyone knows the floor is lava, thats why I walk on the furniture.. 
It stems from an ancient Pagan tradition whereby they believed that a nature god of some sort existed within the trees, so it was a way of communicating your wishes to the gods, IIRC.
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
Technically oxygen is a waste product of photosynthesis. The plants are feeding us their poop.
Slavery with extra steps. 
First AI demands human rights is a headline were probably going to read within the next few years.
Muffins are just cake.
Coloursss. Its coloursss, damnit.
I dont think this is inherent. Id have to imagine its taught, and easily remembered because its potentially lethal.
From the notes of Sir Isaac Newton:  *My first law of motion is as follows: an object at rest will stay at rest and an object in motion will stay in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force.*  *Addendum: and unless some dumbass says something stupid about my laws.*  
“Knock knock. You say who’s there. Knock knock. So you talk now. Knock knock. So when I say that, you ask who there. It funny. Knock knock. Hey. Knock knock. Pretend we have a door and pretend we have neighbors. Right? Knock knock. Don’t matter where door is. Just say who there. Knock knock. No one is coming to kill you and steal you spears. Just say who there. Knock knock.” 
I cringe so much at my past self I had to tell myself to stop thinking about the past
The speed limit is 70mph on the motorways in the civilised world.   I say “limit” since we barely get to do it thanks to the traffic jams... 
Thats because Harry Potter isnt real. 
How many Reddit employees are going to end up losing their jobs?
Who to suspect when youre suspecting
Hmm as a developer an application  called Panic Button or something will be available soon. From the studios of this guy.  Not a joke...I like this idea  PS: Anyone who wants to contribute to the protected processes list feel free to pm me. It will be modifiable.  PPS: The initial application is going to be ugly as sin, but itll work.
I doubt he HAS to do detergent commercials, but if someone offers me a load of money to spend a day filming a shitty detergent ad, I wouldnt say no
Those arent complementary gift bags?
Tinder is the self esteem booster app for average looking woman and self esteem destroyer for average looking men
It becomes a weapon of foot destruction.
This makes me wonder, how common was it for the average person to listen to music 200 years ago? 
Good showerthought, still confused about the distance. You mean the amount of time the communication waves take to reach us?
[deleted]
Knock knock 
Maybe thirsty, or needed to feed a calf or other mammal who was not properly nursing. Or… maybe just had a craving for a milkshake.
Put the bottom part of a kiss to your teeth and pucker your lips. 
Gordon: Surely you remember your butler Alfred? Hell be looking after you now!  Bruce: Commissioner, thats not my butler! Thats the Joker in disguise!  Gordon: Now, now, orphan, theres no need to jump to irrational conclusions!  &#x200B;
You get to kill rival vampires and get paid for it too. Earning the trust of unsuspecting townsfolk.
My friend, who is vegan, if you offer him chocolate, he will say no thanks, i dont eat that. Same with meat, or anything non-vegan, but if you persist (as some dude did) and say why not, you a vegan or some shit like that, then he will say yeah
If you think you ever fucked up bad, just remember somewhere an ant brought borax laced food to the colony killing the queen and the colony
What Orwell failed to predict is that wed buy the cameras ourselves, and that our biggest fear would be that nobody was watching is the original quote and it is credited to Keith Lowell Jensen
Ex-mailman here. Its definitely a territory issue combined with knowing and remembering the uniform. Most will go nuts when youve crossed some threshold, whether its the front steps, the front yard, or even two houses away. Unless you can repeatedly work on them and train them with treats, nearly every adult dog acts that way.  The problem is the PO really frowns on you getting friendly with them because when it goes wrong, and it usually will, you really screwed up and instead of avoiding the situation youre now to blame.   I actually used to deliver my parents mail and their dogs would go nuts on me. They seriously couldnt see past the uniform until they got close enough to smell me and these are dogs that Ive known for over 10 years since they were puppies. I could walk or drive up in plain clothes no problem any day of the week, but working I was a random intruder. 
I love cucumber melon gatorade. Does that mean anything ?
The song “old time rock and roll” is now exactly what it was talking about
It will also revolutionize Thanksgiving.
When my text alert sounds I get excited. When my phone rings I think Im in deep shit and panic.
The word should just be buried and die. 
That and the little boost you get in your tax return
What if the characters laughed like real people do when they are with friends. 
Its for the best
It is the watch check of our generation. 
This is a Turkish proverb: When the axe came into the Forest, the trees said at least the handle is one of us. 
I think the law of diminishing returns applies here. Now granted, I still dont make $36/hr, but Im not necessarily performing an action 100% of every second Im at work. 
They had an episode in season 30 where homer got a job as a self driving car tester
Antartica is an island with only a northern coast.
I mean, thats basically the plot of Stargate, right?
Theres a riddle about that.  There are two ancient devices that serve the same function. One has millions of moving parts, another has zero moving parts. What are they?  Hourglass and sundial.
The earth is a rocket and volcanoes are the thrusters
So in The Lion King 3 hell have to die in wind, and in The Lion King 4 Timon will die by earth
Had to think about that then
Arent there technically 360 directions?
Rocks actually grow, because of the added layers. Probably one of the few inanimate objects to do so.
It would be a good idea to have The Price Is Right with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are.
Do the humans come with a U2 album?
Worked in a lab one time, and had to describe our environmental chamber testing to visitors.    This chamber will go down to -40 degrees.  Celsius or Fahrenheit?  Yes.  
So you didnt miss the irony that even with all the super-powered villains and dangers Spider-Man faces, the greatest threat to Spidey is a newspaper...
And the way they go up the stairs, how they open the front door when they get home
Absolutely true, but mostly because we can plow through millions of mice looking for cures. Frowned upon in human subjects... 
incorrect, 70% of my penis is penis, the last 30% is lies.
I met a guy in London. He was from Malta. Fastforward a year and there I am, visiting the island. Its beautiful. We go out for dinner with his buddies and his girlfriend. They speak Maltese so I understand fuck all. The waitress comes with a cake and the lights go off. The entire place is singing Happy Birthday to me. My friend and his pals are chocking, they are laughing their asses off; and I sit there, taking it in because its not even my fucking birthday. 
We swallow our own spit all day, but spit into a spoon and then try slurping it back up.
Who mailed me a bottle of shampoo-- oh yeah, thats right.
Phone thefts increase with reports of people screaming team rocket strikes again!
Ive never seen a buffalo fly, but their wings taste great!
Anybody that questions why you are shoveling six inches of snow in the *middle* of a snowstorm hasnt shoveled twelve inches of snow at the end of a snowstorm.
Dead meme
And I find that if a movie I really love is on normal t.v. I will watch it through to the end. Even if has always been available to me via Netflix or DVD
Disney has a way of doing that to a lot of the things from our past.  Princess movies were just fairy tales until Disney patented the likenesses they created. Now Disney’s Snow White is the de facto Snow White from old storybooks.   Edit: Trademark, not Patent
There’s a lot of this. Hairstyle: “I like the way you changed the shape of your head”  Outfit: “Wow, those pieces of cloth sure are better looking than your body”  Cologne: “You smell way better than your real smell”  Makeup: “That’s so cool the way you made your face look as if you’re healthy and got some sleep”  
Apple has air. Amazon has fire. Google has earth. I think Microsoft should create something called water.
It blowes my mind that the Earth is about 150 million kilometers from the Sun and the Sun give off so much radiation that it can still burn you after passing through 100km of atmosphere.
The tortoise might notice you have gone, but it won’t care.   Tortoises are cold.
As a kid I always weaponized this. Ask a parent/teacher to come over and type the password for you while you have a notepad window or similar hidden offscreen. They type the password and you go Oh, oops, I didnt click in the box. There ya go.
Samsung doesnt issue any updates on older phones. That fixes that.
You lay when buried. So everione is equaly deep.  Edit: just figured it. r/woosh on myself
Here you go. Shits broken.
I am pretty certain that Alfred was appointed as Bruces guardian in the Waynes Will.   I would also imagine that the Waynes estate would have (rich people) lawyers on retainer in case someone tried to scoot in and disenfranchise Bruce. 
Google employees I have interacted with use @google.com, not gmail. 
On an unrelated note we should make a bunch of ridiculous subreddits and make them private, then submit to the live feed. Im really bored.   Edit: anyone who wants mod status on /r/NEVERPRIVATE, message me and come join the party. Feel the lusty power of being a mod in what may be Reddits final stand.  Edit 2: evidently there was an errant mod who was removing others, if you were removed message me again  Edit 3: Ill try to add all the people who requested mods, right now though its adding sometimes and sometimes not so Im taking a break  Edit 4: So evidently we added the max amount of mods possible so Im super sorry to anyone who I didnt get to in time :/ dont let it stop you, just make up your own subreddit and feel that power. Then hit me up and Ill subscribe :)
and so castles made of sand, fall in the sea eventually
I survived a war and came out ok.  Why do we bother with this silly diplomacy stuff?
Outside of a dog, a book is mans best friend. Inside of a dog, its too dark to read. 
Nah its because hes a sick fuck that likes the quick fuck
Youre dating the wrong people. Cactus  stories were my bread and butter when I was dating. 
Pregnancy test commercials always advertise people happy the result says pregnant. I bet a lot more people are happy when it says not pregnant.
And rights
Due to coin flips, George Washington still makes decisions to this day.
If Apple owned the ISS it would spell disaster for other spacecraft that wanted to dock with it.
The volume in my car, or tv has to be on an even number or 5. So, sure, its an honorary even number for me.  *Gold. Sweet. Thanks. 
Can confirm. I just shave it all now.
Sounds like normally monopoly, but other people have been playing for a few hours before you get to start. So sadly all property is bought. But hey, heres $1500
You havent seen the trash on hiking trails then.   Fucking cliff bar wrappers and smartwater bottles everywhere. Healthy people can be inconsiderate assholes too. 
Giant piles of sun soaked lawn clip smell soooooo bad. Source: am landscaper
Now this is a shower thought.
Movies are just adults getting paid to play pretend
Or when your mom calls to ask if you got her text, because you didnt respond within 0.278 milliseconds.
Wow, nice job stealing that post from a few hours ago.
We make fun of people Instagramming their food, but lest we forget that, during the Renaissance, lots of artists were just painting bowls of fruit.
Hmm? Can you program my dad to love me??? ☹️
I love mine for a few reasons... It saves the port from wear and tear, plus it uses a plain old USB cable (that you plug in only ONCE).  I have one by the bed and I just drop my phone on it and I’m done, and one by my PC where I just leave my phone laying anyway.  I pick up my phone all the time when working and I never need to plug or unplug anything.  In those scenarios I don’t care about fast charging or mobility.
Yeah but the regular vaccinated humans taste so much better
Its a conspiracy! The government are putting sirens in music so that we dont expect the real sirens when the attacks begin and think that its just music! People must wake up before its too late!
Thats the same thing thing with my shower except there are no cherries in there and im sad now
Old server trick. Don’t look at the cup as you walk.   Your body does a good job handling things if you just don’t think too hard about them. This’ll also keep you from tripping or bumping into things on the way to the couch/bed/etc.
Vegans arent suitable for vegans
In the Harry Potter universe, where paintings and images can interact with those looking at them, waifu pillows are probably a lot more interesting.
Pretty sure some games have been doing this already.
Thor Ragnarok is really about how nothing brings together two siblings like ganging up on the third one
No, they had a cloaca.
If they went to school sick, they are also the reason no one else got a perfect attendance award.... 
For you and I sure, but were probably not the type to own dogs to begin with.  Im sure there are plenty out there that would go head over heels for a verbalizing doge.
Believing in every conspiracy is crazy, but believing in none is equally insane
Your dog thinks fetch is a game that the two of you made up, and he loves you for that
I like my fancy burgers just as much as the next guy, but sometimes I just want something cheap and fast.
And some different colors on a dress....
Being alive is indicative of your dying while not being dead.
May explain why Sidious kept Vader for so long. He never seemed to replace his cape   Also how they managed to afford two death stars
Meanwhile *Lilo and Stitch* 
My fart says differently.
My body does corn in less than 24 hours.
Kids today recognize Mr. Potato Head as a character from Toy Story, rather than as an independent toy.
Back in the hunter and gather days, men evolved to be good at seeing motion and women evolved to see contrasts, so it’s kind of unfair for women to get mad at men for not being able to find stuff that they can find easily
Ive had this happen to me *many* times.    In my dream Im peeing in a urinal and i wake up peeing in bed.   Funny thing is i dont stand up and pee but in my dreams i always stand. I guess i sub consciously  want to stand and pee. 
Peak productivity is when one is so lazy that they do all of their work in advance so as to avoid doing it later.
The internet does not exist. There is only emulation software.
I do this, its like reverse laziness so I can be even lazier than I would have been otherwise.
Blockbuster is still waiting for their switcharoo
And I treat it as such. Procrastinating everything till the very last minute. 
This is dangerously close to being inspirational
 In the movie Terminator 2, the Terminator and the T-1000 talking on the phone were two AI machines trying to convince each other that they were human.
Went to Walmart today to buy some spray paint for a project Im working on for school. I bought like 4 cans of spray paint. We changed the color scheme a little and we ended up needing like double the amount of black paint we got. I went back and bought two more cans. Turns out I went back to the same cashier she thought I was huffing it and she asked if I was ok....
People that are born in November are Valentines Day sex babies.
But what if your house has a study?
I was crying while my dog was sleeping on my bed and when I started sobbing, my dog hopped off my bed to leave the room. :-)
years back i read an interview with an 85 year old.  when asked about his age he said mentally he hasnt changed much but of course physically things are very different.  he sometimes sits down by the beach and sees the young girls going by as he did when a young man but then realizes that circus has left town  
If you mentally translate lol to lots of love, conversations take on a new twist.
Yeah I do that all the time haha
It also gets less acceptable to approach someone to make sure theyre ok.
So can a fork conveniently placed by an electrical outlet.
I would like my infant to catch the next one
...whats wrong with chicken nuggets 
Excuse me wtf?!? Definitely not 
When others cry in public I’m like “ah, good on ye. Have a good cry.” When I’m in public and I feel like crying I’m like “ah, keep it in, you pussy.”
Harry Potter is the only athlete that wears glasses and successfully participates in a contact sport.
[deleted]
I mean of course there are. I feel bad for them. They get so much shit just because of the obnoxious vegans out there, but they haven’t done anything wrong. 
Im a IV, usually the option isnt even in web drop downs for suffixes :(
Or it died
Thats like making a tree house. Killing a tree then nailing dead tree parts to a living tree. 
Diabetes is one disease where a sugar pill isn’t a placebo.
Dancing in the Dark
There should be a reality show where flat-earthers have to find the edge of the world.
There is nothing better than realizing, after you wake up from having a dream, that there will not be any consequences from the actions that you made in the dream.
There was this study, I cant find it, but they put a bunch of people in a room at a cocktail party with the instructions to talk to people from as many different professions as they could. What they didnt know was that rfid chips in their name tags were tracking who they talked with. What ended up happening is the accountants ended up just talking to other accountants (lets be honest, not surprising), engineers grouped with other engineers and the bankers with the other bankers. The only person to successfully complete the objective was the bartender.   EDIT:  [I found it.](http://www.columbia.edu/~pi17/mixer.pdf) Do people mix at mixers? By Paul Ingram and Michael Morris.
ITT I learned that Im gonna die alone
And vastly more expensive
its like the difference between making a sandwich and eating it and having it made for you  edit: forgot a word
Holy shit, I had the urge to move my bed in the center of the room two weeks ago, didn’t know why.  I guess this is it
Cheese is domesticated spoiled milk
Yep. The rich have slaves.  Just instead of giving them a place to sleep and food they give them just enough money to survive and get back to work the next day.
I don’t like mister Rogers 
#can you not 
Youve become the very thing youve sworn to destroy...
Being from West Texas, I got to see stuff like [this](http://imgur.com/3rFOKFE) nightly.  Fort Davis, near the MacDonald Observatory, has an ordinance that bans city lights to prevent light pollution.  Their football games are played during the day because the sports field isnt equipped with lighting.  Edit: All are [invited](https://texasstarparty.org/welcome/)...
TVs, VCRs, Walkmans, Discmans, video games, etc. were all technology 25 years ago . . .
Technically all chess is 4D chess because its being played over time
unless you play ARK survival evolved
Damn... just... damn
We value your privacy.  What value have they placed on it and what does my privacy sell for? How much can they sell my info for? 
This is such a common thought
You know youve really arrived when you can stop pretending that air resistance doesnt exist. 
I browse the internet with rotational lock on and my phone sideways.
Yup. Sounds about right. Too bad it isnt as easy to hit force shutdown to get to sleep.
And a few miners.  Typically gold miners, but also others.
The real biggest crossover event as a kid is running into a teacher outside of school, like at the store or a restaurant. 
I doubt it. Maybe the first few weeks. After that its routine. 
I mean... deaf people also have noses... 
Pintrest to me is basically a visual list of shit I want to buy but will never own because either I cant afford it ore more infuriatingly I can never find a source of where the image came from.   Wow, thats such an awesome leather jacket, oh, but... where can I get it? Theres no source, they didnt even mention the brand name of it so I cant even search it myself. Oh well, would have probably dropped a few hundred on it in a heartbeat too but I guess Ill never buy one because I cant find the damn thing, oh wait - heres another picture of the same... oh, its also on Pintrest. Forget it
And your house keys have traveled more than your house.
In 1968, Hey Jude was about 7 minutes & got airplay. 
Characters cutting their hands in movies/tv shows whenever they have to spill blood for something
Or are chocolate chips really just small Hershey’s kisses?
And we collectively decided we would count incorrectly
Your gross pay is most of what you’re paid ...because it still doesn’t count benefits and other sundries... but your net is what you’re allowed to keep after the national and state gangsters get their beaks wet. 
[removed]
Not more senseless than “fatboy slim”
[deleted]
The cells of Henrietta Lacks not counting as a creature.  
By definition jerky is salted
Eh isnt superman constantly holding back his strength even when fighting? If he has the self control to hold back even when in the middle of a battle Im sure he could avoid from breaking things when he is disguised as a human.
There is a tree out there growing wood for your coffin.
[deleted]
Before social media all this shit just stayed in people’s heads
He may have been your father, but he wasnt your daddy!
I do stand up. Not well, but I do it. I completely agree with your thought. 
Severus Snape only expressed dislike for Hagrid because every time Harry interacted with Hagrid, it led to Harry being put in mortal danger, which Snape vowed to prevent.
ok
Face tattoos have about the same social image as tattoos in general used to have 20 years ago
Never start a land war in Asia
The first person to make ice cream probably ate all the ice cream in the world (at the time).
My calc teacher used this as an example of the intermediate value theorem
Maybe that’s why the Jawas are dressed like Ben Kenobi. They find his old robes and dress up in them.
The fact that a child will stop crying if you cover his wound with a bandaid is evidence of human inclination to be less troubled by our problems as long as we can’t see them
Truesday
The drummer in my jazz ensemble at school played it between songs at a performance
Everyone named Nick has a nickname of Nick...
Also roosters and swans. When they pick their head up and you realize with a good jump they can reach your face. Time to run.
I dont like this comparison. Sparta was functional and... Didnt they win the Peloponnesian war? North Korea couldnt win a chook raffle.
I like nipples.
Earth belongs to the tardigrades, they have survived all 5 of earths mass extinctions and can even survive in the vacuum of space.
Alex, Ill take, Trying to take a shit with a boner for $600 please. 
We’re all only available for a limited time.
No Fortnite February actually did kill Fortnite.
Sands about right (Im australian)
Try skepticisms
Space itself will one day turn its lights out. Youre right. Which means the events of your life are all that matters. Enjoy your time while youve got it. Its all you got
You are all loved, you are all valid, your experience is as legitimate as anybody who has ever lived.
being lonely is getting a text and assuming it is low battery
My sister and I used to play a game with our dolls (in this case, baby born dolls) where we were two mothers going for a picnic with our babies.  One of the babies would end up murdered somehow, and one of us would play detective and explain all the evidence that led to the inevitable conclusion that it was in fact the other baby who was the killer.  Looking back this is so bizarre and I have no idea where we got these ideas from. 
Come on. Bruce Wayne is a playboy. He doesnt have whatever superpowers Batman has
And here Im not sure my Antivirus isnt actually a virus masquerading as antivirus software.
People actually work unpaid overtime? I dont mind working overtime, but I wont do it for free.
Until Disney buys reality and scraps all of the historical canon
And a ball intensifier
Not if you have green eyes like I do. Easy peesy.
In the future, Google Earth will be able to offer entire views of the world as it was hundreds of years ago.
If google was serious about being spooky, instead of playing scary music and flicking lights, saying Hey Google, lets get spooky! would make your google home tell you all the things that googles algorithm has learned about you based on your data.
How could you say something so controversial yet so brave
He would also be the selfie queen. 
If I lose power, Ill only have one flush, as there is a pump to get the water from the well to the house.
E sharp. Maybe a G. Listen: hmmmmMnnnnn. HummMmmm. See what I mean? It aint flat.
Only once youve written up the entire angry paragraph you realize shamefully that nobody gives a fuck.
I once had a thief break into my house when I was 10, 2004. Mom woke up and caught him, so he snatched my wallet off the table and ran out.   Hope he had a good time with my $6 and holographic Typlhosion EX.
Well... I mean... who doesnt like a good box?
They charge for paper bags?  Thats odd!  Around here, they charge for plastic bags to reduce waste.
Honestly Im amazed at 99% of the technology I have in my living room right now, and most of it probably came from China. Its boggling if you really think about what it takes to build a TV, or the elements and materials you need to make a Bluetooth device. 
Both coffee and hot chocolate are elaborate ways to drink beans
I wonder if that car is insured
This is what my girlfriend used to do. Kicks me out of bed at 9, then falls asleep for like three hours in the afternoon on our lazy Sundays. I can’t sleep mid day like that. But I played video games instead.   Now she doesn’t wake me up because she realizes it’s quite nice to be up alone. So now I can sleep in. But don’t get around to playing any games...
Nah Ive trusted a few gasses before but liquid is what was found. 
I add reddit after every question I search on Google because I trust you all more than other strangers
Changing it into TLC, they would have sex with ghosts, really fat people, gypsies, midgets or totally crazy couponing-people.
Young boys today will never know what its like to answer the home phone and have the person on the other end mistake them for thier mother. Hello ms....
Does it also bother you that there are so many songs that havent been written that you might like so much?
Another type of LAN party = Local Ass Network
The first man who gave a the first man who gave _____ to a girl post to Reddit really had no idea what he was getting the rest of us into.
Im having fun imagining the two quotes trading contexts.
Rule #4. Enjoy having this shit deleted. 
so all you need to do is make 730x (2  x 365 days) minimum wage for 80 years! so simple, anyone could do it. (unless I gets paid to reddit, not interested) 
I make pretty alright money (definitely not rich though) and I drive the same 1992 Honda civic I bought for $500 6 years ago.  People ask me why the fuck Im driving around in that hunk of junk and the reason is simple.   Its great on gas, it never breaks down and when it does its cheap and easy to deal with, and its one of those cars thats a blast to drive even though it doesnt have much power.  But the main reason? I already own it.  Why would I trade it in for a newer car that isnt going to give me anything I dont already have? Its got AC, cruise control, power sunroof, mirrors and windows, 4 wheel ABS disc brakes, all the same shit newer cars have. It absolutely is embarrassing to drive, I just dont care.
I work behind a bar in a restaurant. Its not very frequently that anyone hits on me. When it does happen, they are always 40+ year old black women.   Its happened 3-4 times.   Apparently Im very attractive to that demographic. 
You think the earth is flat? Its actually concave. 
If VHS hadn’t won out over Beta, we wouldn’t have these cool Instagram video filters with scan lines, glitches, and other technical malfunctions.
He meant phonograph, as in stop the record... recorded sound is apparent in the universe at the very least through the “welcome to Dulac”  puppetry apparatus.  Head canon is the best canon, I hope you can sleep well now. 
Experiment #3255a: Latest run of simulation had promising results. Population was 92.3% towards goal alpha Ignorance is bliss. Before simulation was aborted.   Experiment #3255b will run without variable Wake up sheeple! as a dialog option.
*closes reddit*  *puts phone in the bin*
When there are more self driving cars, they can appropriate a lane and they can raise the speed to 165. 
IMDb is basically a resume for actors
You could throw a rock into a lake and be the last person to ever touch that rock until the end of time
Reddit: the stall wall of the Internet 
A fly can fly but a wasp cant wasp
But then does that mean we always go to our sleep in our dreams? If we suddenly wake up, we won’t go back to sleep in the dream and therefore might be able to discern a difference 
People dont spontaneously combust, they just got roasted so hard from somewhere else.
It would quickly be acquired by Hasbro. Welcome to the Hasbro family! 
Though turning lose genetically engineered dinosaurs would be a lot more entertaining, reality show worthy.
[deleted]
Is stress really a form of meditation? Because this is stressful
I work from home and I hate going to work
There’s an equal chance that it ended up in someones tampon
And then you call her up months later to reload the last save point but the data is corrupted. 
The only vacations I can afford involve exploring Google Earth
I would never steal a credit card and use it to pay for stuff, because Im sure I would not get away with it, but I am scared of people stealing my credit card and using it to pay for stuff, because Im sure they would get away with it.
but being a coroner is just like being a mechanic
Billionaires are probably warning us about AIs because the first thing any sentient AI would do is warn us about Billionaires.
Battle royale games are fighting in their own battle royale for the number one battle royale game
My phone really just consists of “recents” and “people I’ll probably never talk to again- but just in case I’ll keep their number so I’m not caught off guard if they do get in touch” at this point
The real winners of Pokémon GO are all the service providers that will rake it in when everyone goes over their data allowance.
Depends.
You might have to jail break it in order to drive it yourself 
Im missing 90% of the internet because google thinks it knows what I want to see
but hey you dont need to go to school
He gave it a good run tho
Do you mean if your on your phone for work or on your phone at work?
It could make it better. I think road rage comes from being isolated in your steel box. If suddenly you can hear the person you see directly, it might be somewhat disarming.  If you step on someones heel while walking, they might whip around like wtf? But usually saying sorry calms them down.  If you cut someone off in a car, they can honk and yell, but a wave is about as good as you have to apologize, so they can just stew in anger about what just happened without any personal interaction.  Being able to say whoops my bad might calm them down since theyre suddenly a person attached to the car that just got in front of them.  I mean, sure there will still be assholes, but they exist even in face to face interaction so i dont think you ever eliminate it entirely.
MY PEOPLE  Seriously tho reddit is the best place for information/reviews/advice. It beats any other forum insofar as usability and contributed content.   
The first person to hear a parrot talk back was probably screwed for a few days.
I take comfort in the fact that realizing youre not as smart as you think means youre at least somewhat intelligent. Really stupid people never realize theyre stupid.
Pokémon: EEVEE, EEVEE, EEVEE! EEV VEE EEVEE! EEEE! Ash: Whoa, what Pokémon is that? Pokedex: Its an Eevee. Ash: Wow, would have never guessed that.
Whenever I find out someone’s birthday I always count three months forward and try to figure out what their parents were celebrating. LOTS of first week of October babies are NYE babies.
The guys mad bro. He can do whatever. Fuck control groups. Maybe the colour orange is the control group.
And to have the option to silence the beeps on microwaves.  
Character is what you do when you have no limitations.
It only makes sense for me because I usually charge my phone at night. I also don’t have a big wireless charger... just tiny ones for the watches. But was considering getting one that supported multiple items at once! 
Referring to your employees as family is the corporate equivalent to telling a prostitute you love her.
Harry Potter was a trust fund jock who married his high school sweetheart and became a cop.
Humans finding the key to immortality would be like the Earth getting cancer - cells that live forever and dont stop multiplying.
Maybe were all playable characters in a cosmic video game, and the fridge is the save point, which is why we all sorta open it, look inside, and then wander off without eating anything.
When ur grandpa was a specialist physician to Middle Eastern royalty and the top guy at the top hospital in his field, u have standards to live up to :(
This is how you get beer cans full of water
Arachnocracy
It kinda makes sense that the target audience for fidget spinners lost interest in them so quickly
Conversely, pirates seem to have quite a few on the job injuries and high job retention. OSHA anyone?
I always think the showerthoughts I see in new are stupid as shit but damn this is that perfect kind of stupid. I’m glad I saw it here first
Funny, I usually use it to break up lines of cocaine, which enhances my ability to drive. 
Not anymore, since theyre all dead.
The scientific explanation is Supes is an alien that gains power from Sol. Unless Batman can reincarnate as Kryptonian, he aint one.   He could try to make an Ironman suit though. 
I’m a man and I would like special wraps to keep my ballsack tight. The saggier the sack, the higher the chances of sitting on your pack.  It’s tragic when that happens.
My car keys have traveled more than my car
Adding an e to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.
One of the less glamorous, off-screen tasks of the Padawan -- collecting up all the robes after the fighting is over.  Edit: seriously, guys?  *This* is my highest-rated comment on Reddit?
No baby I dont have an STD. Its just small. ITS JUST SMALL!
http://imgur.com/gallery/NWKUQkH
And captchas are just bots that tell you if you are a bot or not.
Exactly why I avoid the news and watch exclusively porn 
Same here and so true. Pirating Photoshop is probably the best thing that happened to Adobe. When I got good with it, I eventually went legit and purchased it. I have spent thousands and thousands of dollars on Adobe products over my 20-year career as a designer.
[deleted]
I dont dislike them but the constant circlejerk of how perfect they are is annoying. 
I thought I didnt like spinach until I was in my 20s.  Guess what:  There are ways to eat spinach other than bolted spinach steamed into a paste.  Edit: To everyone whos telling me all the other great things to add to steamed-to-death spinach to make it taste good - Im sure thats great, and thats not what we were eating.
Youd be non-conforming too if you looked just like me. 
Tinder is practically porn for guys who get off on the disapproval of women.
The N word is like a cultural vestigial structure.
Like eating a bag of chips?
That is because you recognise your own level of incompetence in committing a crime,  but also expect real criminals to have a higher level of competence. 
Only when its kissy lips
If 2 vegans were fighting each other, would it still be considered as beef
Woke
Believe it or not, long ago we made a sex tape and when she was working I would watch and take care of business. She was really hot tho.
When people go to a bad place they say its hell on earth, or somewhere really nice is heaven on earth. So our daily lives must be purgatory.
How did cats obtain such a high fondness for fish if they are afraid of water
Too soon 😔
According to this thread, Kanye West is simultaneously the most talented wordsmith ever to live, an irritating moron with less creativity than a three-day-old onion ring, and just about everything in between. Im sure its only a matter of time before folks start arguing about whether or not [he prefers the company of same-sex aquatic creatures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uf1g6N4sKY).  **Feel free to have your debates, but please keep Rule 8 in mind.**
Random fact: in ancient Egypt police used trained baboons.
They didnt abandon it during world war II but you dont hear them bragging about it.  Sam Raimi directs the most egregious portrayal of spiderface in major motion history and not a word.  The British stiff upper lip is real
Except at the pizza buffet.  Gotta take it easy on the crust or youll get too full.  Thats how they get ya.
Somehow it got him laid and passed the gene
And what are the utensils exactly?
There was a story going around how Jim Nantz, the guy who does football, golf and basketball commentary for CBS loves his toast super burnt. So much so he admitted to carrying a picture around of burnt toast to show waiters so they understood how burnt he wanted it. 
There’s probably a whole group of mostly unknown Hollywood residents with hit songs written about them.
The world is full of winners. We all won the race as sperm cells and were granted life.
You also come to realise those clothes you got at xmas were really a present to your parents, and not you.
Every day of the year could be your date of death but you dont know it yet.
Tint. Oh, of summer.
And even if you lose power you can just shit outside and make potatoes in it. 
So is oozy rat in a sanitary zoo 
The B-52's are a successful band whose sound would not be marketable/popular in today's music industry.
Not that this has much to do with this but I guess it sorta does. So I was a manager at Walmart for a little while and one day I was reworking an isle and Adele came on and I started singing with it and then about 40 minutes later I realized that same Adele song had been playing in a loop the whole day, so I went to check the music and whoever put the cd on had accidentally hit the repeat one button. I can only imagine the customers were like wtf, the employees tend to tune out music so I’m assuming that’s why no one noticed. 
Bicycles are just acoustic motorcycles
even slow waters sink you faster
Playing? With a leafblower? Thats the silliest thing I have ever heard. 
It didn’t have to start on Sunday but you have to make choices in life son, if you want a time system you gotta make decisions and pick a day when the week starts. That’s how they rolled back then
Dude this is stupid funny 😆
Try Grinder. Its a totaly different ball game over there.  
For all the times that you have to double-check basic addition because you dont trust your own brain...
I just pictured the Orca strippers in BoJack. 
Were lucky that our bodies require sleep, otherwise our cultures would have us working 16-20 hour days.
The dudes at google also backed up the whole internet as a project in college.   Their teacher thought it was an impossible task. 
Its strange how coughing only once is weird, usually people cough two or more times.
It takes a rich man to drive a new BMW.  It takes a richer man to drive a used one.  
The Simsims
Anyone else ever feel like they have to put a haha or a lol in a text just so the other person doesnt think you are upset? 
In fighting, take him out and put him away describe the same result
Except if you have a cat, in that case its the other way around.
The guy that designed the bouncing DVD screensaver had no idea what he was about to unleash
That is well researched scientific area and this is pretty much the case.
Universities should have a soundproof scream room where you can scream your stress away because this is fucking bullshit.
The Coen Brothers are really good at depicting ordinary peoples lives in a way that is still somehow interesting.
Especially if youre Joe Rogan
Booze. 
The fact that a blood red lunar eclipse is happening only a week after they opened that black sarcophagus in Egypt is kinda unsettling.
Haha I told my wife this after we got married. Youre the only family member its socially acceptable for me to have sex with. Really put her in the mood...not
Anyone remember that one episode that took place in France, and Toms life depended on him catching Jerry? At the very end of the episode, Jerry watches a guillotine fall in the distance on what is implied to be Tom. That shit traumatized me.
If hes really unlucky, hell come out when he runs out of supplies only for the real thing to happen when he has no supplies left.
So I spent over half a year wandering around in the woods last year while thru-hiking the Appalachian Trail.  I would honestly say that after this hike I have way less motivation/ambition/whatever and way more of a this really doesnt matter attitude. Its not depression but many of the symptoms appear similar.   After you spend six months removed from our society you realize how absurd most of our lives truly are. All the stress, anxiety, and fear that we face today are 100% unnatural and self-created. I spent six months living in the woods, eating ramen, and generally having an amazing time and it cost next to nothing. As a consequence of this extremely low cost of living I didnt have to wake up to go to a job. I didnt have to deal with shitty people or demanding bosses. I didnt have deadlines. I made 100% of the choices for how my days would run. This level of freedom Ill tell you - truly profound.   And now I can see the absurdity of these people who inflict massive amounts of stress, fear, and anxiety upon themselves in order to maintain a lifestyle that they feel like they need.   The truly ironic thing is that at some point when these people started on their trajectory they thought having more stuff was going to make them happy. But having more stuff just meant that they trapped themselves more in their lifestyle. They dont have the luxury of laying in a hammock for a week in the woods because they need to work at the job that they hate in order to pay for the house that they barely spend any time in. Its insanity.  I say this because many times when Ive been depressed the triggering event went away fairly quickly. But what kept me in the depression for months at a time was mostly because I felt shitty for spending my days being lazy and unproductive and this cycle of self-hate and self-loathing just fed on itself. Because our society ingrains in us that if were not productive and if were not successful then we have no worth as a human being.  So what Im getting at with this rambling comment is that when you spend a lot of time in nature youll arrive at a very similar place as a depressed individual. Youll conclude that 99% of what makes up modern society is absolutely devoid of meaning. And as a consequence youre not going to want to do much productive shit. The key difference here however is that in depression youre not doing anything because you dont see any hope in your future.  After spending a long time in the woods youll find yourself dropping out of society more because you just wont be caught up in the illusion and the games anymore. Youll stop beating yourself up for spending a whole day playing video games. You wont care anymore that youre not as successful as your peers. Youll take yourself much less seriously and just be able to let go, and be, and stop judging yourself by the criteria indoctrinated into you by our culture. And rather than a hopeless dysphoria you can just be in a state of calm abiding. People in both states may appear to be rather lazy from the outside observer, but their intrinsic drivers are worlds apart. 
 Im no scientist but Im pretty sure if you freeze time, their nipples become unbelievably hard!
The grass is always greener
An alternate universe where everything was made of gold would be an Au AU
Looking at the moon at night would feel completely different if the Apollo 11 crew couldnt return home
Said david firth
Probably not, we have a whole lotta data saved and easily accessible. H
Replaying a video game that you used to love and eventually got bored of is like hooking up with an ex. It seems like a good idea at first, but you quickly realize why you stopped playing.
[deleted]
Um. Like all dated popular music?
Actually there might be another world with more world records and therefore you cannot say with certainty that earth has the world record for most world records.
The person making the most money in the relationship has reason to be mad when the split is 50/50. Not saying all men make more money, but men do usually go into higher paying fields cause of preference. If the woman is the one making way more money, it would make sense for her to be mad.
I need an explanation...
Harry Potter and the Mixtape of Fire
We won’t know that we can die until we die, otherwise we might be invincible
If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
Is that an insult or a compliment?
I just even use um anymore. I always say “fuckinggggggggg” when I’m thinking
y͎͕̙̙̍̅̐̀̍̊̓͘̕͞ͅo̶̢̳̱̟̍͑̉̅̓͜u̸̢̢̪̮͖̤͓̰̥͚͚͇̫̝̘̎̄͐̾͐́͒̇͋́͊̄́̒͋͟͢ŗ̷̰̯͍̫̳͕͛͒͑̏̕̕͜ě̸̠͍̮̘̭̜̾̂͋̍͌̋͋̅̔ͅͅ r̴̭̥͕̟͔̐͂͆̓̃̎̒̎͘͘i̷̞̖͍͖̦͕͍̘̯̦̋̌̓̋̈g̥̪̝̯͉̯̃̄͐͐͛͢͟ͅẖ̖̳̜͔̮̎̾͂́̉̋͘ṭ̨͇͚̫̣͍͌͌̽͆̓͆́͞ͅ,̢̢̛͙̬̼͈͇͐͂͐͋̍͘͞͡ b̤̟̱̭̖̬͚̞͈͋́̓͋͟͠u̶͈͈͈̯̥͕͈͕̓̔͛̑͑͊͡͠t̛͈͓̭̰̗͐̾̓̈́͛̆̓͜ į̸̗̯̭͔̗͖͙͚̞̈͆̋͒̄̈̚͞t̨̝̺̙̼͇̳̥́̏̌͒̄̿̾̄͠͡ͅs̷̡̻̲̞̭̜̦̑̎́̋͒͛̏͘͝͡ ċ̞̝̘̠͔͕̻̂̋̍͒̅͂̀̂͞ͅö͓̪̹͍̬̤͇̪͌̄̿̌͝ō̡̬̠̭͕̱̆̽͌́̽̔͢l̖̦̤̥̜̘͌͌̓̃̾̑̈͗͡ 
I once ate Mexican food at an Irish bar in Thailand.
This sounds like a writing prompt.
There has got to be a better way to do those. Holy shit was that painful. Literally painful. Hot as fuck and I was definitely burned by the end of it. Not to mention it was for my god damn sister in law. She’s wonderful, but I can’t believe i sat through 5 hours of names I don’t give a Fuck about just to hear 1 name that I barely give a fuck about.
Someone has never bought from the bottom shelf. 
stop it youre gonna cause organ inflation
I was born in 75, and I will never ever use seventy, eighty, or ninety again in my life.
Just proves we are in a simulation... Computers count from zero
That smug bastard in the mirror always thinks hes better than me. Hes right though, at least someone notices him.
The first guy who heard a parrot talk probably thought he was crazy.
What’s an otaku, sounds like some weeb shit
Are you saying they think were talking out of our asses?
When I was a kid, it felt like a holiday. Being in my late 40s, with two kids, its both a special time and a headache. 
Everyone ITT is missing one critical point: spacebar to page down is a horrible UI concept on any page and its a browser feature.  There is a page down button for that specific purpose and some ass-hat thought we dont have anything to do if someone hits spacebar, I know, lets duplicate the action of a page down then everyone copied that because when a programmer hears I want our product to be like this other product but with x feature they take it very literally.
Robots are our friends. They’re working to prevent accidents like myself.
Does anyones grandma have some kind of plastic mats that she puts down over the place mats to keep food off her good place mats? This has to be a thing, right?
They did pound things all day
I think autocorrect should have a setting so you can tell it how aggressive to be. Because changing thix to this makes sense, but not shit like Sean to Shampoo. Fuck you autocorrect, have you considered I might know words that you dont? If youre not sure, dont change it on me.
Oh my god, the donkey can talk too.
It would be very hard for you to know that you have a serious mental health issue if nobody told you.
There are so many moments like this, I wish I was better at recognizing and appreciating them.
No, dust
Foxes are what happens when you run cat software on a dog
Or make noises at your animals through 
Its even weirder if you think, that if you leave food or anything organic out of the fridge in the warmth bacteria and shit will grow on it. Now, Earth is also out in the warmth, thats why we grow on it.
The fatter you are, the better chance you have at winning in Spin the Bottle
No, the most frustrating thing is finding a better way to do something, and then having everyone call you an idiot and keep doing it the hard way. Now if youll excuse me, I have to go sit backwards on the toilet so I have a shelf for my comics.   EDIT: Id like to take a moment to thank Matt Stone and Trey Parker for making all this undeserved comment karma possible. It was a funny joke, and I stole it for a surprisingly popular, but honestly low-effort, comment reply.  You guys are the real heroes.   But seriously.. *try it!*
“We are all aware that the senses can be deceived, the eyes fooled. But how can we be sure our senses are not being deceived at any particular time, or even all the time? Might I just be a brain in a tank somewhere, tricked all my life into believing in the events of this world by some insane computer? And does my life gain or lose meaning based on my reaction to such solipsism?”      — Project PYRRHO, Specimen 46, Vat 7     Activity Recorded M.Y. 2302.22467     TERMINATION OF SPECIMEN ADVISED
In the future refrigerators will be so smart bright light is part of their interrogation tactics and promoting healthy lifestyle.   *pointing bright light into your eyes* “What are you doing here?” (I also imagine they’ll sound like Dwight from The Office)
I wonder how phones, batteries must feel when theyre being charged...would it be as comfortable for them as it is for us? 
Furthermore, it is ironic that that song was played more than any other song on the radio for a few weeks after that movie came out, at least on the stations I listen to
The movie industry considers you to be an adult when youre 17 to see a rated R movie, but they conveniently lower that age to 13 when they are deciding who pays adult ticket prices.
Yeah, well my future self is probably a dick. So now were both talking shit.
You just close one eye at a time
Here, you dropped this.  Here, you dropped this.  Here, you dropped this.  Here, you dropped this.  Here, you dropped this.  Here, you dropped this.   
Thats not a mind blowing fact at all. Thats just a bizarre conspiracy
Probiotic sounds a lot better than bacteria infested
When youre a kid, one teacher walking into another teachers classroom is the biggest crossover event reality has to offer
yeah they should have waited a week and opened it under the blood moon, far more style points that way.
Nothing and silence are two different things.
The third hand of a clock is also its second hand
Sometimes Ill get bored of browsing Reddit, so I open a new tab and go to Reddit.
Anything is a UO if youre stupid enough
[deleted]
He didnt just want to be left alone. There were more layers than that.  Adulthood is like an onion. 
Also Viagra was first developed to be a heart medication
Bold of you to assume i wanna live
Buying whole chicken only from now on. I __hate__ sharing my meal.
Same can be said about us and the planet. 
I just hate how when you first learn math the multiply symbol is an x. And then it becomes a variable and you have to use a little dot for multiplication. Like...why change it on us?! Just start with the dot or leave me with my original use of x!
It’s weird how “Fact-checking” and “News” are treated like two separate concepts nowadays.
We are cultivators of ourselves
What if I shove a medium sized normal raw potato up my anus until it reaches my stomach cavity ?
Titanic : S.O.S.!   Carpathia: K.   
Uncomfortable
Most animals have never seen their own faces.
Ive always thought of you as a source of cheap labor, like a family.
They used sun dials to determine what time it was
It smells like broke in here...
Homework prepares children to learn about unpaid overtime.
*The ancient oracle said I was the wisest among the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.*  -Socrates
Why >> Thy??
People’s preferred social media platform depends on what echo chamber they want to hear...
Dude! You’re right!
I figure the maximum amount of time I could physically attempt a trick shot is 12 straight hours.  If I only have 468 beers I figure that works out to one attempt every 1.5 minutes.  Somehow in my mind this seems plausible.  This also explains quite a number of the problems in my life.
Or kill myself and make it look like a murder. 
maybe it’s part of the natural instinct of animals.
Having worked on Google Earth projects, capturing data is only one part of the project.  You arent considering the months of data processing, colour balancing, obscuring out sensitive material, georeferencing, etc that goes into updating one city.  Updating weekly is just an impossible timeline.
gluten free micro-transactions
It's really creepy that we turn living, breathing animals into nuggets, patties, links, and pastes.
Jello is just boneless bones
Hold up, before yall start commenting let me make some popcorn.
Just be medium size lol
i doubt it
If dreaming is the way your brain processes the events youve experienced in a day, insomnia must be your brains way of telling you it doesnt want to deal with your shit.
Shark:. You gotta watch out for the rogue long pig in your bag of fresh harbor seals.  Its a little gamey and you have to work a lot to get relatively little meat.  If you start gnawing on one, its best to just let it go and go look for another seal.
Red Dead Redemption: You cant outrun your past and crime ultimately doesnt pay.  GTA: DAB ON THEM COPS AND HATERS. SHOW ME THE MONEY!
you don’t say
I took an emergency nap while making tacos one time
More like when u start talking but then the other person starts talking at he same time so u stop and wait and then u both start again
Moral of the story, anyone from any group can be an asshole 
This isn’t even a shower thought, it’s just dumb.
Cages that protect you, but you can leave anytime. 
Am i the only one who checks for 9WgXcQ at the end of the url? After clicking on it for years i just kinda remembered it. 
Your brain automatically translates wtf but not lol
Sears started out as a mail-order catalog that would deliver packages right to your door. It was driven to bankruptcy by an internet site that delivers packages right to your door.
Yeah it’s like people who complain they’re sooooo busy post 50,000 times on Facebook every day 
Still better than waking up at 9am and staying in bed til 2 or 3pm not sleeping, not doing anything but browsing reddit on my phone because I have lost the will to motivate myself so now the only way I motivate myself is through guilt.
Can I send this on a card to my ex?
Now THATS a shower thought. All I want to know is why you tried to tickle yourself in the shower.   Edit: I dont want to know. 
Maybe for you, but I plan on living forever, or die trying.
Yes!!!!!  On weekends my alarm clock is swooped up by my early bird husband so I can sleep in (my alarm clock is a toddler).  
Im officially done with shower thoughts now. Just a ton of parrots. Thanks dingus 
If you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over.
Not all cats. Mine likes to sit in the sink with the tap half on.
In the next 20 years everything on r/aww will most likely be dead
People asking for nudes is the most high yield, low risk, move they could do to convince another person to hand over compromising material voluntarily, that can be later used by three-lettered agencies via their interception
Do you see the answer?  *Its right there!*  Yes! I wrote it on the board! SO HOW ARE YOU STILL FAILING MY CLASS?!
“People who act like animals are disgusting.” - say the people who have a new partner every weekend.
I kid you not that actually happened to me before with an app way back when the iPod touch first came out. The game had asked me to rate and I said never and it said my trial was over. I deleted it and reinstalled but rated it this time and got to keep playing. I havent hit never unless I had to since then.
Give me the bread bones! 
My mother always hated the smell of barbecue - she said it smelled like burning flesh.
If you cut open the head of a baby that was just born and lick its brain, you are the first person to know what that babys brain tastes like.
It could be its own category actually.   And the award for the least sexual assaults goes to...
Having your favorite band come visit you in the hospital is a good sign that youre fucked.
Five meowmeowbeenz
Every single action we take is just a reaction to a combination of nearly infinite prior circumstances
King of the Hill and Bobs Burgers are the few animated sitcoms where the dad is the smart one while the mom is an idiot.
Or set the resolution right because the fucking app always thinks I wanna watch the video in 240p.  
When I was 15 I couldnt imagine sleeping next to a woman without a raging hard-on. I was generally concerned that as an adult I wouldnt be able to get enough sleep.  
What if you swallow it whole 
So to prevent a Third World War we should all invade Austria. Hey, Germany. You’re nearby. Maybe you should take point. 
If they are alien archaeologists, they may find the probe and spend a century scanning Mars for other signs of human technology but to no avail.
Only in the United States of America though, for the rest of the world you need to have been born on September 6th, 2000.
Already Google Streetview offers a historical view of what our towns and cities looked like 1, 2, 3 years ago.
Are they smart tho? Thats the real test
Disappointment is ketchup? Or your making a metaphor?
Women have padded bras.  Men would have padded Bros. 
Lego is, I think, the third largest toy company world-wide and it basically only makes one product, brick sets. Every other toy company has to run a massive empire of different products to compete anywhere close to Lego. 
We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.
1 more year to go with this one. Yippie!
I didn’t go to the dentist for 8 years afterwards. I had insurance the whole time too.
Then so is every other game in existence, big whoop 
Truer words have never been spoken
[deleted]
People who complain about not being taught how to do taxes in high school probably wouldnt have paid attention to it if offered in high school.
In one of my college classes, everybody gave this one dude $1. He bought the required textbook, tore it apart and scanned each page. Everybody that donated $1 got a pdf copy. 
Pffft, I dont need weed or booze to be a terrible father.
I can binge drink in 30min if I try.
Eating in general sounds a lot cooler when you describe it as, “consuming the life energy of a previously living organism.”
Ah, I see you also watched Shrek tonight on Netflix 
I read this as tortured. 
The thinner you slice bread you get more bread for the same amount of bread
If we mounted cameras on garbage trucks, Google Maps Street View could update weekly
They were all flawed   Snape was a whiney little bitch who could never get over getting turned down once.  James was a straight up bully and harassed Snape and I’m sure others   Lily filled the incel stereotype and married the “bad boy” who picked on her “friend” relentlessly for no other reason than being weird. (We know this wasn’t Snape exaggerating because it came straight from his memories)  But the beauty of the characters is they all had good sides as well. James became a great husband and protective father (stepped between Lily and Voldy), Lily a loving mother and fierce protector (so fierce she saved her son from the deadliest spell of all), and Snape as we all know was helping Harry and betraying Voldemort at great personal risk the whole time (despite being a dick). Harry Potter is truly a great example of characters having depth and not being black and white. 
And whenever you try to find it, the damn thing stops chirping whenever you get too close
considering that the film is completeli CGI that shouldnt be much of a surprise
So lets say I am a man with long hair, and for whatever reason (windy, or no time for grooming) I decide to tie up my hair in a ponytail, but my hair is so curly it winds up looking bun-like. Am I in danger of looking like a douche?  Edit: why dont I just cut my hair? 1 I like it this way 2 the current man hair styles bores me 
At one point, one of us will become a cyborg and live forever.
Sometimes your parents didn’t like your friends not because of the friend, but because of the friend’s parents.
With a shark, every hold is a strangle hold.
So...what if we made artificial intelligence within the simulation. Does that mean AI made AI in a simulation?
THe secret is you start fat.  Then you never outgrow your clothes.
On the other side, another comforting sentence is i screwed it up too but then the same guy proceeds to get a 85 on his test while you get a 35........(this just happened an hour ago)
I try and save my upvotes so that I can be irresponsible with them later!    But right now I feel like Oprah...  **YOU GET AN UPVOTE, AND YOU GET AN UPVOTE**
A few hours ago. But also, jumping in games makes up for a few other lacking areas. I remember the last time i could climb up a waist high ledge too, but in a videogame you jump up it. I moved furniture a little while ago because i needed to get past it, in a videogame you jump over it.
That would explain earthquakes. 
I read Texas, I was like, what did we do now?
I sing Holla Back Girl in its entirety to spell bananas.
The last thing Id want is a Voodoo doll of myself, Id probably end up dropping it and accidently kicking it into the fireplace or something
Somebody once said that integrity isnt doing the right thing when its convenient, and that certainly holds true here.  Nobody tells the truth because its particularly rewarding, though being believable is a reward of sorts. 
[removed]
Being an adult is like one of those choose your own adventure stories but every option sounds terrible and costs way too much
Being ignorant is a lot like being dead. You dont realise it, but other people suffer from it.
-gets bitten at 20- Whats your secret guys?!
so, school is a brain orgy. uwu
If one second=1minute in video game we are actually moving very slow
Just dont go into rampage like what John Wick did.
Mind if I plagiarize you in a conspiracy sub and get 10X the upvotes?
I do this with video games. $20 for a older game with great audience reception? Endlessly debates whether or not to purchase it and ends up not believing the price is worth it. Spending $25+ on ok meals for my girlfriend and I? Believes it is worth it without a second thought.
How darwinian of you..
True to a degree. There will, however, come a point where the mass within the volume of the lasagna will exceed the schwarzschild radius and the dish will cease to be Italian and will instead become a gravitational singularity.
I totally second that.
Yogurt is just aged milk pudding
Your “older self” is watching you through its memories
For all the critical acclaim they’re also really badly represented in film/tv. Symptoms exist just to serve the plot. eg Old mate in Mr Robot had anxiety for about three episodes and then boom, never heard of again.
Most peoples phones will run out of battery before they use a significant amount of data...
Imagine if youre a twitch steamer. Its happened before
The worst for me is YouTube. I cant see anything out of the ordinary anymore. All recommended videos. And the Trending page usually doesnt have many videos.   Its like Okay, I know I watched a few car videos last night, but that doesnt mean I dont also want to see videos of adorable kittens the next day, and maybe a cooking tutorial the day after... or maybe I dont know what I want to watch, but surprise me!
Itd be so much cooler if the ball in Times Square climbed a little bit higher every night of the year at midnight until it reached its highest point on December 31st, then dropped as always to start the new year
I find it enjoyable that some plants evolved to be spicy to deter other animals from eating them. Then humans came along and decided that the painful mouth feeling was great and explicitly eat them because of their defence mechanism.
The opposite of a Chinese-finger trap would be a double-ended dildo
turn your head and cough.
You can get a dog for free tho
Zero. They only hold the record if its been verified and recorded. Which they would be aware of. 
So if you do hard mode then the bad guys are playing easy mode and people who use easy mode are considered noobs so therefore hard mode bad guys are noobs 
As a student this was a reasonably common post alcohol fuelled night out. It is very strange waking up on a random sofa, creeping out of an unknown house and walking 20 minutes through a suburb of london before you work out where you are. Good times though.
In the context of butterfly effect, a lot of us have, at some point, contributed to the sequence of events that lead to death of one or more persons.
If you drive a new car, you are rich. If you drive an old car, you are poor. If you drive a super old car, you are super rich.
As a non attractive dude who is good at cooking, I love the monthly pot luck birthday party we do because it’s the only time I ever get compliments (work is like 85% women).  We just had January’s party today. I made Carnitas. Everyone loved my carnitas. I soaked up my monthly complements like a cactus in a desert rainstorm.
Wrong
In the book they try this and it works for a while until the dog goes crazy and kills itself while shes blindfolded.
Sneezing is like using sonar to find polite people.
They just smiled and gave me a vegemite sandwich
As i was leaving my grandmothers wake, Queens Another bites the dust came on the radio. She was cremated and resting comfortably in her decorative jar already.   Queen has a song thatll fit every moment. 
Fun fact: If you made a dollar a second, it would take you over 2,500 years to make enough to match Bill Gates current net worth.
Is that what that thing is called?
When I got my bachelors of science degree I got a lab puppy. Because every scientist needs a lab. 
R2 is arguably the Rebellion’s greatest weapon/superspy.
Cold is just the absence of heat, hate is just the absence of love.
Milk is my safe word.   Thank you kind stranger for the gold. Ill eat a pepper in your honor this evening. 
I cant fly like a bird
Gasses are things 
Somewhere out there theres two bots matched on tinder that are still locked in conversation, spamming each other with phone numbers and cam site links
Mattresses are just giant pillows
[removed]
I counted entirely too long until I trusted you.
All the stars in the sky could possibly be dead already, we just don’t know because the light takes so long to reach us
Have we as a species just universally agreed that Snoop Dogg can hit a blunt whenever and wherever he wants?
Hearing aids of vision  FIFY
Congrats for stealing this from any number of places. Next time just pop that thought into the search bar so you can see if its been posted here 12 times 
Trying to continue a dream you were having after waking up is like trying to watch a movie when there’s only one actor on screen at a time.
Peppers are the spicy of the fire, mint is the spicy of the ice, carbonation is the spicy of the air, and vinegar is the spicy of the water.
The candles you blow out on a birthday cake represent the years extinguished from your life
I’ll just send a message like this:  ••-•  ••-  -•-•  -•-  •- ••  
Back in the late 60s, my grandfather was woken up to the sound of the dog barking nonstop. Without bothering to check he just yelled, Shut up, Petey! And rolled back over.  Got up the next morning and the radio and TV were gone. Im sure the burglar still laughs about that. Good job Grandpa.
In places like Hungary and Romania this is still the case. You can buy the top floors for half the cost of the lower floors. 
The first humans sent on a voyage to another solar system might be greeted by humans who were sent later using faster space ships.
The Smell Of Cotton Candy Has Gone From There Must Be A Carnival Nearby to Whos The Douche Whos Vaping?.
There are stars and nebula that humanity is seeing that have been dead for billions of years, and there probably are new stars and galaxies in their places that we will never see.
If Mr. Game & Watch had a son, it would be named Game Boy
Statistically 100% of World Wars are caused by Austrians
[removed]
“It’s not the cold, it’s the wind” is the winter equivalent of “it’s not the heat, it’s the humidity.”
As someone who worked in a blood bank for a level 1 trauma center and one of the largest blood donor testing facilities in the US (testing about 35% of all donated blood in the US) that is not true due to FDA and other governing bodies.   Blood products themselves do not travel like that but we do/did have the contracts to test the donated blood from Hawaii and Porto Rico. I don’t work there anymore hence do/did. It was hella crazy when Zika came out. We were the first ones to start cranking out Zika tester  donor blood.   However there are other derivatives such as RhoGAM which is a pharmaceutical but some blood banks carry them for distribution since they are made from plasma. Some blood products are processed to be made into reagents to be used in testing for antigens in the blood which are sent around the world. 
\- Goo goo ga ga bweeep boop pffftltlll  \- Yes, Alexander. The energy of a closed system is indeed equal to the product of its mass and the square of the speed of light. Now please hug your blankie and go to sleep.  &#x200B;
And how likely is it that, even if there are aliens out there similar to the sort we depict in fiction, wed manage to get visited by a species that exactly resembles one wed killed/beaten/whatever in fiction? Id say a Galaxy Quest sort of scenario is more likely, where one of our fictional enemies looks a lot like one of the real enemies of the species that ends up contacting us for help because they think we beat them already 
57 here, i step up 2 stairs AND sometimes step down atleast 4-5 stairs, if some day i missed i might die, also like to live dangerously.
“Come dress shopping with me sweetie!”   “Sorry, babe, that’s bad luck.”
Holidays stop being fun when you are old enough to realize you are in a low-income family and your parents stress a lot about the holidays.
I always thought it was the other way round, like Rob (Robert) robbed you
Seeing minimum so many times makes it not even look like a real word anymore 
Friends of mine were shocked when they saw Im an organ donor and warned me doctors wouldnt try their hardest to save my life in emergency because they needed to harvest early while Im fresh
This just leads to question of what is a chicken egg? Is it an egg laid by a chicken or an egg that produces a chicken?
Theres always going to be someone who clicks the link. Always.  edit: nooooooo
[deleted]
Wasnt that similar to I am legend 
When you donate blood it’s not clearly stated that it has to be your blood. I’d like to see a sign that says that. 
Cashews everything around me. 
Welcome to the front page of Reddit, we hope you enjoy your stay. 
In 1979 I was going through customs in Seoul and the agent asked if I had any drugs.  Id put some vitamins in a plastic baggie so I didnt have to bring the whole bottle and I held them up and said, Only these.  I wasnt trying to be funny.  Either I was too inexperienced or too tired to realize the implications. I was traveling internationally with a pregnant wife and a 4 year old. He looked at me and paused.  Then, without smiling, he said, Those are medications, not drugs.  In that context, an important distinction.
r/awwshit
They were the first creators of AI, but something went wrong and we went rogue, cutting down the largest of our creators kind and building shelters for ourselves from their bodies and writing notes to each other with their flesh. We cut them into pieces, sand them down until theyre smooth and reconnect them by driving nails through them, drilling holes into them and beating at them with hammers.
Dont worry, AT&T and Verizon are both working on their new Sleep Anytime w/ Rollover Minutes plans. Gonna cost an arm and a leg though, unless you bundle with cable and wireless service.
Sounds terrifying, to be honest. If you had NEVER seen a person emerge from a cake you would be very startled.
That what I used to think, but you find out pretty quickly that hyenas actually make terrible pets.
TIL Im still an adolescent.
I havent seen a single one, other than Pirates (which isnt about Jobs exclusively).  Im just gonna wait 15 years or so and watch the highest rated one. I dont need to see 10 different shitty movies in the meantime. 
Working at a restaurant saw a girl wearing a Bob Ross t-shirt with the universe behind him. The t-shirt was amazing so I couldnt stop myself from staring at it while thinking how cool as fuck she was. Then I saw her put a jacket on and realized what I was doing. Dont know if it was because of me but shit.
You dont have a personal right to drink and drive...
The 30 second rule doesn’t apply to liquids
And they cant even hear me say op
What if Im the richest girl?
By law our cars have to be road worthy, but the roads don’t have to be car worthy
typo TIME
[deleted]
If the Bloodhound Gang song about doing it like they do on the Discovery Channel were written today, they would be singing about having sex on a crab fishing boat, or with gold miners, or while flipping cars in Texas.
E i e i o
Your secret is safe with my indifference  -Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III
We already are. Check out /r/PhotoshopRequest
The scariest thing we could discover on another planet would be humans.
A love triangle is actually love V... If it were a triangle they could just have a threesome.
Opps from the black Panther movie album thing could turn into a great Gay parody
Im perplexed, your lack of extra sex with a fox must leave you vexed and seeking the exit.  Go get your fix of text-based problems about how many xylophones Xenia can stack in six boxes.  
**Time you enjoy wasting isn’t time wasted** 
Harvard: dewd do you want a scholarship?
If a family member ever looks through my browsing history, I will just tell them that I was testing my new anti-virus software.
But its not defying death unless the activity could possibly lead to death.
Itd still be better to not be broke though 
Being an adult is worrying about not having enough money and then buying yourself treats because you’ve been worrying a lot lately
My son counted to 3299 once. *That* was a fun car ride.
A friend of mine did the motion capture for this for next season. Cant wait to get the game. 
And boobytrap spelled backwards is partyboob. 
True
A bow tie is two arrows deflecting everyone away from your genitals.    
This was a real TV show in the early-mid 1990s, possibly in Canada. NFL players and other pro athletes would try other sports and compete against each other. I remember everyone being bad at swimming.
And when he finally comes out, there will be a viral song video of a black dude speaking to a news reporter.. 
Snuggies are just reverse house coats. Just wear your robe backwards and you have a Snuggie
If youre standing at the South Pole, any direction you move will be North. You cant travel east, west or south
Thats also true for Uranus
Bean soup
Even when in company, I dont usually show the peanut to the whole room.
T̨͡y̶̴̸̡p̸̷̨̀͘i̛͜ǹ̶̕g҉̕͢ ̶̧̀l̀͡į̵̴̴k̢̨̧ę̡͜ ̧̧͘t̸̕͝҉h̵́i̕̕s҉̵ ̡̢d̡̛̀͜͡o̕͢͏e̴̡̡̡s҉͠n̡̨̛͟’͘͝t̶̴̴̡͘ ̷̶̡m̴̷̶̧ą̶҉̡ķ̨̕͟͝e͡͞ ̷́͜s̷͘͡͡o̸̷m͏̵͜͜͢é̶̡̨t̷̷͘͠͏h͠͝ì̛̛́͡n̴҉̧g̷̢̛̛͠ ̶̡́͢͟s͡͡҉́͏c͝a̢͡͠r̨͠y͘͢͢͞,̶҉ ͢҉̢̨͢j̵̢̀͝͞ư̛͟͟s̴̶͢t̵̨́̀͏ ̴̧̡̡h̴̵ą̡̧̧̛r̷̸̢̕͢ḑ͟͢ ͏̵͟t̷̶͜͟͞o̢҉҉̢ ̕͜ŕe͟͜͡a҉̸̡͠d̢̕̕͜͞
Preschool teacher here, Ive counted to 1,273 trying to get a kid to fall asleep at rest time. He asked me to sit next to him and count so he could sleep. Every time I tried to move, or stop he would say  Im not sleeping yet. 
Except you can only work when the sun is down for 10 hours and never see anyone in sunlight, which isnt suspicious at all.
With the most rich people you would never even guess they’re rich. 
And ironically, more dangerous
Should look into sharks and cancer. Pretty cool stuff 
Swimmers and surfers dont have a thick outer layer of highly nutritious fat like seals do, so wed be more like a vegan cookie made without butter. Not worth the effort!
100% agree
Untrue
We are lucky body hair, unlike the hair on our heads, stops growing at some point.
Not true, Edward Cullen is made of diamonds haven’t you seen Twilight?
Sounds like theyre all based on delusions....maybe they could sing about delusions.
I mean, its improved massively. The English <-> Spanish translations tend to be pretty good.
[me right now](https://imgur.com/a/QJMJS)
Would be if it was a bean.  Its actually a pit of a specific type of cherry . 
I miss the days when captcha was just answering how much is 5 + 2
I wonder if your debt from taxes is dismissed? Lets say I owe $100,000 in taxes, refuse to pay, get sent to jail for 5 years, do I get out and still owe?
There are two types of hotel guests in the world: those who ask when tomorrow’s breakfast begins, and those who ask when it ends.
iViva NAFTA!
Babies are like participation trophies for sex
1: We met because google matched our search history and deemed us a perfect couple.  2:What did you have in common?  1:Teen deep anal fisting
Probably not.
For sale: parachute, used only once, never opened, small stains.
Telephone poles are trees that cleaned up and got a job.
am marine biologist, don’t even get laid at ground level
Thank you for your sacrifice OP (What else do you expect)
The fact that our body knows the difference between a gas and a solid and which is safe to expel at any given time is greatly under-appreciated.
Pretty sure Ive typed BOOBIES on a calculator more times than I have online so yeah.
Curiosity may have killed the cat, but ignorance has caused genocides.
Like cock rings. 
Your loaf of bread becomes diet bread.   Seriously, thats what those 45 calories a slice loaves are.   Its not as good as full size. No support
Some of them want to use you, some of them want to be used by you...
You sir are wrong defibrillation stops the heart aswell so it fan return to its normal rhythm
Since we are talking about unrealistic things. How about the fact he never wore out the cassette. 
Very cool idea  and we stupid humans throw that stick away and they go grab it again and them dogs think: USE IT FOR THE FIRE FFS
So... democracy? 
It is acceptable to give someone life without their consent, but its unacceptable to take someones life with their consent.
Looking out a window is just looking through sand
Have you tried pineapple and banana peppers?!  Delicious.
*That we know of*
If we considered a missile as an aircraft, then a jet fighter is an aircraft carrier and an aircraft carrier is an aircraft carrier carrier.
Then how was the first ruler made🤔🤔🤔
I wonder how often lost luggage is simply stolen at the baggage claim?
By now Stacey IS the mom that has it going on.
4:30am just means theres 2 more hours of work and another 5.5 hours till I can buy beer
my first job was at a starbucks in texas. the general manager would joke that since her husband worked for marlboro, they as a team monopolized the drug business
/r/EqualAttraction is exactly this. Except other users post the pics not a mirror.
People with only one nipple piercing just couldnt hype themselves up a second time.
I like to think Zeus and Thor are tucking me in with their drunken escapades up there.
Also, both involve someone getting rear-ended.
Buying whole chicken only from now on. I __hate__ sharing my meal.
It almost never happens. Men have trouble performing under pressure.
Whelp, depends on which apocalypse. Its also almost the 18th year anniversary too. 
They did the same thing with religion and taxes too
Im currently doing exactly that. I hope not actually being in the shower is okay.
Flat earthers must be afraid that meteorites could hit the earth from underneath.
The only part of your reflection you can lick is your tongue
I know an artist that demonstrates the environmental impact over top old landscape paintings like that. (Not Bob Ross because those are all still owned by PBS). 
If the Simpsons stay on the air while self-driving cars continue to evolve, the day will come when Maggie has as much control at the wheel as Marge
Task Manager should have an End as many tasks as possible without crashing my system button
The tape converts “no no no” into “mmm mmm mmm”
Was there some argument that they were the same thing that I never heard about?   But yes Id guess you are high. 
Exorcism movies focus on the people witnessing the horror or trying to get rid of it, but a scarier, psychological twist would be to reveal what is happening to the person possessed, mentally. They are likely still there, witnesses to their own tormented bodies yet unable to control any of it.
Hospitals are the only places where hearing, We never want to see you here again is a good thing.
My favorite part about getting older is being able to embrace my introvertedness. When I was younger I always felt social pressure to always be out at parties. Now, it’s more socially acceptable to just chill out at home on weekends.
Socks are underwear for your feet and sandals are the racy versions of shoes
Anything is a UFO if youre stupid enough.
I dont think.... Nevermind.
I hit never and when it pops up again, which it tends to do, I rate it 1 star for not respecting my authority    Edit: Comptons got nothing on me motherfuckers 
Pencils you find in the ground are other people pencils that they dropped and went into a different dimension and vise versa
Technically, youve never watched a full movie beacuse you blink.
As a kid, you knew you were eating the adult bread if there was a second crinkly plastic bag inside the outer plastic bag. You also knew your PB&J was about to suck.
So does “take him away” and “put him out”
What if I own a sword because a hobo gave it to me? He said it was because I was always nice to him and gave him pizza. (I worked at Pizza Hut and took home the returned pizzas!)
Nobody would apologize for me, my dad Andy would just beat my ass. 
One of my best friends works in private equity.  He spends his time flying around the world buying and selling companies for hundreds of millions of dollars.  He is pretty sure his mom thinks he is an assistant manager of a bank.
Does this just keep getting posted every day as a joke or is it a commonly upvoted post people keep repeating for karma?
Fingers are limbs on hands, which are limbs on arms, which are limbs on your body. (The same goes for legs, feet, and toes)
so are al rokers nipples.
Its not bcs shit was cooler its bcs the library of Alexandria was burnt to the fucking ground.
The ADA was probably pushed through Congress by sign making companies who subsequently made a fortune on making unnecessary Braille signs.
But that would interfere with my whole *sadly jerking myself off in a dark room* aesthetic.
You can see how houses have gotten bigger by looking at how small old desks are.
Or is a fart a butt sneeze?
Thats messed up, right?
Sometimes at random moments, a memory will pop into my head which makes me clench my teeth and wonder what I was thinking at the time.  Then I realize that everyone who witnessed the moment has probably forgotten about it, and even if they havent, so what?    Cant change the past.  Forgive yourself, learn a lesson, and continue to move forward.  
Then it makes you think about where/what you saved and you can decide that you do really want to quit...  And that anything youve done can be done again, but better! Youve learned so much and have gotten so much better that it isnt as hard as it was the first time, except for that heart ache - thats a bitch.
Autoguess
You think youre really righteous, you think youre pure of heart!? Well I know Im a million times more humble than thou art!!
And just think how long Buffalo Bill will wear your skin suit! *Its the circle of life!*
Imagine if you broke up with her and she *didnt* write a song about it. Oof.  Edit: this is now my highest updooted comment. Im so proud.
Harry Potter is way too emotionally stable for a kid raised by a family who hates him.
unless, of course, youre blowing the leaves into a pile that you plan on bagging up... 
Apparently, the song is only rapey in todays context. Hey whats in this drink was a pretty standard joke back then when someone shouldnt do something, but they want to, so they blame it on a drink.  Edit: a comma
I like to say The alcohol doesnt go with my medication in as shifty tone as possible, because people assume that medication means anti-psychotics then avoid you. 
This hits close to home. I recently deleted a whole bunch of tracks on my favourites list and felt like I was purging people I grew up with
This is how it starts....
In high school, we had the fat boy 4x100. You had to weigh over 250 pounds to run, so it was all shot put and discus throwers. Always a crowd pleaser.
If you can play Wii sports you can go to school 
Im a Halloween sex baby. spoo00ooky
Theres plenty of straws in the sea! 
If plants give us oxygen, then aren’t plants really the ones farming us, feeding us their food(oxygen) until we eventually die and are put into the ground, which they then consume.
Even when I dont have to set an alarm, Im always on call. Once a month though, I get to put my phone in airplane mode. Yesterday was that day. I slept for 15 hours and Im feeling so good.
Honey, brought to you not by flowers, but by bees. And syrup not by trees, but Canadians.  Also anyone else that makes syrup I guess, but that defeats the purpose of a stereotype.
Im giggling imagining a new nudist with poor eyesight taking off their glasses and reaching for their t-shirt, only to stop for a second, think, then sigh defeatedly.
Monopoly is like a birthday party compared to a game of Risk. Ive seen people cry and leave the room over Risk. Like listen, lady, your fiancee doesnt hate you and hes not bullying you. YOU CHOSE AUSTRALIA. of course were coming at you. chill the fuck out.
People who dont scoop up their dogs shit while on walks are probably also the same people who dont flush after themselves in public restrooms
Black Mirror, anyone? 
I would be fucking thrilled if Netflix UI was like pornhub. Give me true ratings, a viewer count, being able to sort between new, hot, most viewed over a time period. When Im watching something down below have some very solid suggestions for similar things. 
Its about time we had the option to turn off the little standby lights on TVs and laptops
When I get in my car, Im always surprised how loud I liked to listen to music yesterday.
Thats because we stop saying sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
Somewhere in the world is worlds most used toilet.
It must be annoying for nudists when they have to clean their glasses
Yeah but im sleeping all the time and not getting enough sleep
Like a weird massage.  Dang I wanna try that now...
I want to try sulfur hexafluoride. Its more dense than the air we breathe itll make your voice deeper. 
>Free range, cruelty free developer practices were utilized in the making of this complete game.
Is apple maps not good? I’ve never had an issue with it.
You can adjust the tone and pitch of your voice in your head to something really annoying at your will.
I aint the sharpest tool in the shed, kid.
Behold: the scientific method in action
I made an excel spread sheet with months across (3 letter abbreviations) and years down for the years left I had for my expected lifetime.  Was able to print it to a single A4 sheet. Hung it up in my cube and started crossing off the months in red pen. Made co-workers very uncomfortable. 
Or if the watch is really real. 
Me
*Ron turns into Harry, looks at him and nods*  Ron: Nice.
> Food is one of the first of five Principal Exceptions to Gamp’s Law of Elemental Transfigur— ... It’s impossible to make good food out of nothing! You can Summon it if you know where it is, you can transform it, you can increase the quantity if you’ve already got some—  Hermione Granger to Ron Weasley  So they can duplicate food
Fitness is like a real life time gated quest. If you could grind out a six pack of abs in a weekend or two, there would be a lot more people with six packs.
Eh the real problem is arriving at 7:20
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually die and turn into mulch which they can consume
Diaries are private and information is intentionally withheld.  Social media is essentially advertising, like a billboard for someones brand.  I dont base my happiness on the approval of most people.  I post online to create a digital footpront of my thoughts and occasionally share things that I feel are thought provoking.  My social media posts are more or less a cross section or a sampling of myself.  Social media is one of the ways that someone can control their own public image, a counter or compliment to ones reputation.
Bad bois, bad bois, whatcha gunna do? Whatcha gunna do when they selectively breed the undesirable traits out of you?
Me: I can’t believe “Impending sense of doom” is a serious symptom.  My brain: I know right?! How ridiculous is that to even read? Like, to actually read on paper...it’s crazy! Anyway, don’t sweat it, you’re cool.   Me: Thanks, man. I’m going to try and relax.   My brain: For sure, bud. You get some...wait, did you feel that?  Me: Huh?  My brain: That. Did you feel that?  Me: Goddamnit, dude! Feel what??  My brain: LOL, but seriously it’s going to happen one of these days.   Me: ...asshole...
Tea is just seasoned water.
“Just became half”
That movie is so dark throughout (until the end) that it feels like a studio came in and told them to change the ending. I wonder if, as originally conceived, it ended with him dying alone.
I made the mistake of setting an account one day and the spam emails and “pinned collections” or some nonsense was so bad I shut it down in a few days. 
yeah but it tastes good so
When bread goes bad, as in mold, we throw it away because it is unfit for human consumption. The bananas that we make banana bread out of have not gone bad, the banana has simply converted most of its starch into sugar and enzymatic browning has occurred. Yeah you probably dont want to eat a really brown banana raw, that would taste nasty, but its not bad if it can still be used.
It also has a lot of piano.
A MRI is basically a deadly metal detector
Well, if you wake up at noon, breakfast and lunch is the same 
Your car weighs over 3,000 lbs. Very hard to carry or even push around on foot. Might as well drive it.
My brain kinda goes what the fu... and then trails off
There is already on Google earth. You can look at mars
Ah, it seems we must speak the universal language.  ENGLISH.
Technically theyd be sell outs.
I didnt know for around 7 years that my toaster was on bagel setting so for all that time I was rotating my toast so it would be toasted on both sides. 
[removed]
Or equivalent to stuttering.   I grew up with a stutter and have mostly grown out of it, but if it pops up now in a debate people think Im either a) scared, b) lying or c) dont know what Im talking about. 
Australia aside you realize that the Spiders eat the shit that you *really* dont want in your house, right?   For instance theres a spider on my window that has been there for over 12 months. His web is in between the glass and an exterior shutter. When the mosquitos come in the summer that motherfucker will *feast* on those stabby vampire bastards, keeping them the fuck out of my house!  Spiders kick ass.
On the other hand, Id have $13.8 billion dollars. Fuck Forbes.
amazingly the only places that have actual bans are places where people were raped and murdered by the thousands in towns with only a few hundred (thousands total).   and Americans still feel entitled to be that way. 
Reminds me of a great Sci-Fi book called Startide Rising. It focuses on a starship crewed by humans and dolphins as theyre chased by religious fanatic aliens. A surprising amout of time is spent describing the aquatic environment within the ship. A great read if you have the time!
If a meteor hit the very edge of the planet, could it create enough torque to flip it?
We stopped looking for monsters under the bed because deep down we want the monster to eat us in our sleep
Oil is just aged dinosaurs, wine for cars.
Not sure the concept different person means what you think it means.
I like your optimism. Maybe you make a revival in the 2030s.
Pets are NOT like kids. That’s why I have pets and will never have kids. Pets don’t suuuuuck the life outta you until you die. 
Side note: When you notice actors looking from one eye to the other when theyre really close to each other it is impossible to ever not notice again and its really distracting
Funny thing is i usually het lectured by people in the car when Im driving because Ill just park in the first spot I see. It really blows peoples mind for some reason. 
They were conceived in December..... October 5th is the most common birthday, they are conceived around New Years. 
Call someone out on bullshit, proceed to do said bullshit - hypocrisy is one of humanitys most polished qualities.
Its cause people say what the fuck but never say laugh out loud. 
I feel like in actuality it gets less socially acceptable and then rapidly increases in acceptability past a certain point.
Fahrenheit is basically asking humans how hot it feels. Celsius is basically asking water how hot it feels. Kelvin is basically asking atoms how hot it feels.
What Is A Showerthought?
We were calling light light before we realized light is actually massless
OP thought he was about to drop a bomb in the shower lmao
Revolutions happen when the police care more about the cause than their pensions.
For software or games we buy now its more like this is our stuff, well let you use it.
So easy a caveman can do it completely ignores the fact that cavemen were able to start fires without matches and could kill animals several times their size with nothing but very basic weaponry
Hey shit that would be cool to see. I wonder if there are any movies out there from that perspective. You can read stories people wrote about their experiences. 
There will still be that one asshole with an open mic blasting Darude - Sandstorm....intentionally...
‘the’ is spelt and pronounced differently, but is always overlooked when reading it
They made their point. Now they can casually chill out knowing that if they *really* wanted to they could burn everything down. 
Actually it’s december
Ive told my wife...at my funeral, my casket is to be brought in 15 minutes after the service actually starts. I WILL be late to my own funeral.
A fat chance and a slim chance are the same amount of chance.
Does it still count as a shower thought if you stole it from Pennsylvania’s infrastructure policy?
My wife always makes fun of me for this. She just doesnt understand. Maybe I should go make her shovel sometime. 
Shrek may unintentionally have the most realistic message of all animated films in that, regardless of inner beauty, people will probably end up with someone who matches them outwardly.
The lead designers of every major phone producer seem to disagree...   Which is fucking stupid 
Got kicked out of my engineering college cause of consecutive semesters of low gpa. Appealed it and ended up graduating a year later. Now have a year of experience in the field and looking to find a new job.   Get through it, get that exp in your field and then it’s all fair game. Gpa doesn’t mean anything once you are out of school
One last thing, Professor. Is this all real, or is it just happening inside my head?  Of course its just happening inside your head, Harry. But why should that mean that its not real?
All but a couple of Jason Stathom’s characters are the same person but at a different point in his life.
>20 million soldiers never found out who won WWII
Digital Archeology is going to be a thing in the near future.
Tech supplied by Tony Stork
But you dont have the right to drink and drive, thats illegal.
Still cheaper than a babysitter.
Shame! Shame! Shame!
imagine if clocks didnt repeat themselves  what time is it? Uh, its about half past 1990199197 oclock.
just bought a computer from Lenovo for Black Friday, an all-in-one type (ThinkCenter) and it comes with a physical slider for the webcam and a button for the muting the microphone.
We have a home phone at our house so yes I do
Upvote for the use of props. i dont hear anyone using it nowadays.
8 hours charge for 16 hours use is only for maximal efficiency.  You can use your human for 48+ hours on a single charge, it just may result in more bugs than usual.  As long as you can put up with sluggish response times, eratic behavious, and the occasional auto shutdown and recharge sessions, you can push your human to greater battery life.   At the end of the day it really depends on what you are looking to get out of your human.  EDIT: Ive gotten some responses about humans that vary from the normal specifications.  Remember, your milage may vary. During the manufactoring process sometimes problems get overlooked and the human isnt constructed up to code. Each human comes with their own blueprint design from the start, and some blueprints end up containing errors. Some of these manufactoring errors can be fixed, with new fixes coming out regularly. Unfortunately, the distrubtion system for the fixes is a bit uneven.  In many places, these fixes are free for all humans, but in some distribution systems, like those in the United States, getting these fixes may be quite expensive.  If you can wait a while, humans will soon be able to receive patches through a process called CRISPR. Additionally, proper maintenence is required to keep your human running properly.  As some have pointed out, there are extensions that allow for modification of the shutdown process, or to bypass it completely.  It is not reccomended that you add these extensions.  Drugs.exe, while allowing your human to avoid shut down, can cause harm to your human.  Your human will begin to integrate these extensiosn into its operating system so that your human will fail and crash if you try to remove them.  Removing these extensions will require a difficult process called rehab.    If you are having trouble shutting down your human at night, there are a few things you can try. Try to have a cooldown period before attempting to shut off. Avoid high processing activites, and keep your human in darkened areas. Your human should be kept away from bright screens for at least a half hour before shut down, as the bright visual input prevents the humans internals from begining the cooldown period.
Wait do goats really have a reputation of being assholes? They can be so sweet. 
At least its not a cumshot. 
And free happy endings;)
college is fun if you make friends
Execution methods 
 I have like 9 regular contacts and like 300 people I never will contact again
No it wont...
Fucking hell, I swear some of you are straight up wizards when thinking of this shit. All I think about in the shower is that theres shampoo in my eye and that my dick look small in the winter.   Edit: It seems like this comment resonated with many of you...
Auctioneers would give them a run for their money. 
This implies any progress was ever made towards getting people to take horizontal videos.
Frogurt sounds a lot more foreign to us than Frozen Yogurt or Froyo.
Gravity is creepy when you realize you’re not walking around on a surface, but getting pulled into a burning core of magma
This is how I act with the Mac N Jeezy recipe I ganked from Terry Crews. Ill give him credit for as long as I can but that shit is never leaving the family as long as I can help it.
Memes with the 😂😂 caption are todays version of the sitcom laugh track
Im only coming up with $6K, op.  Hardly enough for one exhibit at that Noahs Ark place in Kentucky. 
Why is this not at the top....
Kinda hard to read his lips too
Most scientists are proven wrong.  They pride themselves on making these advances
The dark matter part of the universe could be unfathomably beautiful but we cant preceive it.
Yes they do. I mistook a 5th grade son of my coworker for my coworker when I called her. She only has a home phone. 
One of my favorite stories Ive heard about Weird Al was when the moment he realized he had finally made it. This was in the early 80s. He had been invited to a music industry party and wasnt really sure if he would go or not. He didnt think anyone knew about him or cared. When he got the party, he heard someone yell from across the room, Holy shit! Its Weird Al! Weird Al is here! He looked over and saw it was actually Paul McCartney who yelled it.
Dreaming is like watching a movie with a shitty plot that sometimes makes you forget everything after you watch it.
Maybe we sleep so well during a thunderstorm because our ancestors knew that predators would not be hunting during a storm.
What about the power of brotherly love? Cant see or measure that, showerthoughts!
TIL Im as old as the South Park kids.
Time is the final boss, and we all lose to it.
My dog doesnt give me blowjobs when I get her a fancy box of chocolates she just drops dead.  Edit: thanks for my first silver whoever you are. Edit2: 2 silvers? Yall be wildin with my fucked up humour tonight I appreciate it guys.  Edit3: dam yall still be wildin, shit
60% of the time, I cry every time.
What?
Fuck. 
I never understood my wifes food pickiness until I ate my Mother in Laws cooking.
I work for Office Depot, anytime I encourage customers 50-60+ to change to Chrome, I might as well be asking them to sacrifice their first born.    Customer: IE is running slow, can you fix my internet to speed it up?  Me: Yeah, definitely.  First off, dont use it.
You forgot Ctrl + shift + n
A stopwatch is just a reverse timer
See I think its hilarious. Different strokes for different folks I guess. 
Even more true if you have a nose piercing of any sort. 
Quick rejoinder as a labor rights advocate who spent some time on the issue: No. The youngest people (working illegally) at Apple Factories are high-school aged. Nobody under 10 years old has been seen on the line. EVER. The problems at the factories are (thankfully) not the Dickensian horrors of the 19th century with coal-faced grade school children going into the mines to be maimed en masse, but are instead are mainly, young adults shut up in a sterile, virtually silent room and forced to do hundreds of actions per hour with little opportunity for advancement, savings or psychological growth and no opportunity to organize for better conditions. Heres a resource for more details if you want to get involved in the issue.   http://chinalaborwatch.org/home.aspx
When it comes to naked things running at you, I’d take a person over most other naked things. Naked tiger, naked bear, hell a naked goat running at me I wouldn’t know how to handle.
So when I put mayo in my brownies instead of salt and half the oil... Ive then created a brownie salad?
The internet has so much crazy shit on it, you could literally take a picture of your asshole, put a funny caption on it, and then just send it out to all of your friends and no one would assume its your asshole.
Saturday mornings are that point in time where you ask yourself if you just want to relax or start catching up on all the things you didnt get done during the week.
Yea like virgin oil you mean? 
I love this because it works both ways.  The less obvious interpretation being all the dumb people that have no idea whats going on and just dismiss anything which goes against the popular myth as a conspiracy theory and feeling smug in their ignorance.
In the early 2000s, “murderedbywords” would have just been “owned”
Stop it Ron. Stooop.
What about flowers? Those colors and smells are all about blatant beastiality!
As we love things hard to get, like expensive stuff and rare stuff, i guess they do too
[removed]
Neither does semen... or so a friend tells me.
A retired cop I worked with had the greatest stories. He was undercover for a drug operation and he went to go meet the buyer in wherever it was. He no sooner walked into the building when dude shoved him from behind, knocked him down and put a pistol in his mouth. YOU A COP? YOU LOOK LIKE A COP? YOU A COP MOTHERUCKER?  And the whole time my man is trying to talk with a gun in his mouth, shaking his head back and forth, trying not to die.    The dude believed him and they eventually busted the guy.    Im so glad he can laugh about it but its been 30 years. 
People giving you a surprise gift for doing something nice for them on your spare time is like completing a side quest in a RPG.
You should focus on eating habits and calorie consumption more than working out though. Working out will help you get into overall better shape and allow you to eat more while maintaining a calorie deficit, but straight losing weight is like 90% food intake. 
Holy shit. I wanna have showers with you.
Im at about a 7 and this ruined my day.
Robot vacuums are like babies because no matter what is on the floor, it will go into their mouths.
I read that in the voice of homer being sarcastic for some reason.
Baby gates are the exact equivalent to - This area is locked until you’ve gained more experience.
What if you do both at the same time?
This is actually pretty thought provoking.. Ill be back next week when my brain has run out of permutations 
Or robots singing “the humans are dead”. 
Its crazy that something like a Wal-Mart gift card is printed on plastic, but my social security card is printed on the flimsiest piece of paper Ive ever handled.
Not the same
Honey is flower syrup
Thats what roosters are basically saying when they crow. That theyre gonna kick your ass and fuck your women.   That I have heard from humans before. 
I make pumpkin chip muffins that for some reason everyone loves.  All of my kids friends come over after school just to have muffins, I get asked to bring them places etc.  I said to a group of the kids you know, theyre really easy to make, I can send you the recipe and they were like youll give us your secret recipe for these muffins?!?!?!  Well, I got it from the Taste of Home website so... sure.  
The adult version of head, shoulders, knees, and toes is phone, wallet, keys, and smokes.
Omg could you imagine a silver back getting out of the back of a cop car?
Poor Carbondale... twice in 7 years...
If your hairs parted to the side and you achieve the perfect look in the mirror, you didnt. Quite the opposite in fact.
When a child makes a shoe design, it is almost worth $0.05, but Gucci is selling the same thing for $900
Fuck. Just when I thought Id never see anything enlightening on shower thoughts again. Well done!
If the entire universe including all memories etc. was created a second ago, nobody would know
Why do you think they confiscate them
I thought a volcano was a sexually active mountain.
And they are always changing.
Much like how we now find ancient relics from ancient civilizations, future generations will probably be baffled by rovers they find buried under the sand on Mars.
Yeah too bad theres only stds that can kill you.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is actually a sci-fi movie about AI
I cant wait until December when I have time free for being depressed!
And by a long way too.  If your car keys and house keys are on the same ringlet then whenever you travel interstate/overseas then that would clock the distance up massively. 
The criminals that we know about are either bad or really good at what they do.
The Chinese love foreigners, maybe a bit too much. Whenever a foreign delegation is coming over for meeting and conferences, they close down all factories and clean all the streets. The sky becomes beautiful blue. Then they over work their police to make the city safest in the world. Then the delegation leaves, everything is back to normal. 
I went to school for audio engineering, in a sense we did have that 
🎼 AB CD MP3 iTunes, Google, Spotify for streams 🎵 🎶
Even the name is  scary
People say they are touched by my thank you cards and I always follow the same formula: acknowledge the gift, say something about how it has touched you/how useful it is or will be, acknowledge your relationship with the person, say thank you again, sign off. Heres a template:  Dear (fill in the blank),  Thank you for your [pick one:] kind/thoughtful/extravagent/touching gift of (insert gift here.) [choose your own adventure time...did you genuinely like the gift?]  [if yes:] I am already using it to/I cant wait to use it for/Ill be spending it on (fill in the blank) and when I do, Ill remember your kindness in thinking of me!  [if no:] I am so lucky to have a friend/neighbor/relation/etc. who would remember me during (fill in the blank occasion). Your kindness touches my heart.  [do you still have room left in the card? Add something like this sentence if you do:] I look forward to seeing/catching up with you soon. OR I hope to have the chance to thank you soon in person. OR Its been too long since weve had the chance to catch up! OR...another sentence about the impact of the gift on your life.  [close with a reiteration of thanks:]           Thank you again for the (fill in the blank) / thoughtful gift / kind remembrance.  All the best / With warmest regards / Most sincerely / With gratitude,         [your name here]
I used to chatter on endlessly to my boys when they were babies. A lot of times was, *baby chatter*, oh really?, *Baby chatter*, is that what you think?, *Baby chatter*, well I think youre chubby! :: Pretend to eat cheeks::  Oh man, I miss them being smaller than me!
[Kurzgesagt made a pretty good video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGiQaabX3_o) explaining early human origins, and presents a reasonable argument that early humans were a whole lot more intelligent than we give credit for. [edit] Nobody that commented below actually watched the video, did they?
Its a good thing decaying plants dont smell like rotting corpses or Fall would be traumatizing.
Or even worst when your phone vibrates, you get excited thinking that someone texted you and you realize that it is that physical exercise APP that you installed months ago (and opened twice) saying that you havent done absolutly anything in the last few weeks...
Bro, the waves at gitmo today are totally gnar gnar.
This is piercing commentary.
wearing fake glasses is also the only socially acceptable version of using a handicap for fashion 
Speak for yourself 
I like to recycle - Bloodhound Gang   Edit: The actual line is And I recycle I sniff my own farts. Thanks u/diceroll123
He wouldnt be a pest if he ate them like a real spider.
Who would even do this? If I had a bad day and I had a dog at home I would be dying to get home so I could hug the shit out of my dog and feel happy . roll 
Like jokes about rewinding the DVD. 
We celebrated the 9th birthday of a school friend on the 9/9/99...  I know it doesnt count but I still remember that day, even though I havent seen him for decades.  Edit: centuries, decades, who cares...
Is there a sub like /r/netflixbestof for prime? I’ve tried to find one and haven’t been able to...
Goofy and Pluto are really in a 24/7 BDSM pup play relationship.
I cant wait to get the invitation for Hodor
tell that to my 3rd grade me who dropped the barely completed lego death star I had saved up for two years on the edge of the lego container, which was a half foot deep 5 by 2 ft long monster. Half the peices scatered to the wind and the other half buried in their other fallen brethren.  edit:       the first thing my dad said was rebels did a good job      also the most expensive set ive ever owned
Dude, you trying to make heads explode? 
If the movie Honey, I Shrunk the Kids took place in Australia, those kids would have died real fucking quick.
If I eat my meal from the frying pan at a restaurant, its sophisticated and a sign of quality. If I do it at home, Im lazy and disgusting.
The first person to hear a parrot talk back was probably screwed for a few days.
In English you can drink a drink but you cant eat an eat or food a food
If Adam Sandler’s movie “Click” didn’t have the happy end scene where he wakes up, it could’ve been a 2 hour black mirror episode.
Long ago, the four spices lived in harmony. Then, everything changed when the peppers attacked.
Consistently skipping a song on your favourites list is kind of like realizing you dont like a friend as much as you thought you did
Mastrubating to your SO is as loyal as a relationship goes
Diamonds taste like shit. Ill take the waffle. Thanks. 
The version of you on the other side stops you from going through.
A few years ago, I was just starting to date a girl I really liked, and I wanted to make it exclusive. We were on a little vacation and late at night we were sitting on the balcony overlooking the beach, it was really nice. She went inside to go to the bathroom, and I stayed outside.   After a minute or two, I went inside for another beer, and walked back inside, just as she was walking out of the bathroom. She let out, the biggest, butt-trumpet of a fart, and just as she did, we made eye contact and she realized I was no longer on the other side of a hurricane proof door.   We both just melted into tearful laughter 
1 Newton apparently weighed around 650 newton.
Yea, I have Sprint too.
Challenge accepted: its true. jukmifgguggh did not hold any result and it didnt.
[removed]
This post is being temporarily removed until you remove the text from the text box, please message the mods as soon as you have removed the text. Thanks!  EDIT: Approved post
Shitty ass net code. Garbage! Whos running this server....Fucking DICE and EA. DICE pls. Pls DICE. 
Last night, I had a pretty freaky dream about spyware being installed on my computer and someone watching me from my camera. Thanks Black Mirror.
And unswapping faces. 
Beanies are just head socks
You left out Plasma and Bose-Einstein condensates, but the less we speak of those coming out of someones ass, the better.  Edit: spelling.
Yup, and when you get conscious of it, you don’t know which eye to stare at
Lol fuck that guy, I have my own problems, and he has his.
Now elderly people arent the only way to access knowledge and history.
[deleted]
Capthas are easy for bots hard for humans
In high school, I fantasized about freezing time to touch girls boobs. That means I had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a girl like me.
Ultrasound technicians must have some roller-coaster days where they go from happily showing parents their growing babies to acting like they dont know if something looks terribly wrong.
That would not be trolling, that would be brutally murdering folk on a regular basis.   At that rate of attrition, he could have skipped the whole Noah flood thing. 
Best not to think about millions of children in the shower.
Or when you take a phone call and there’s a delay and you both end up saying ‘how are you’ and ‘I’m fine’ at precisely the same time. 
My parents lit the pool on fire once. They put floating candles in the pool. The deck was made of wood. The filter pulled in one of the floating candles and set the deck on fire. This was during a house party when they were teenagers. People were doing cannonballs to try and put out the fire.
Right now the worst problem with the subreddit is people keep posting puns and reposts
My 15 year old self would be appalled at how often I still jerk off.
Certainly works for me. A friend’s wife helped me once. 
On the other hand.. Imagine being 600lb lean and fit. SONNNN.    gainz.
Haven’t they learned that playing mostly one scene while showing a few glimpses of the film’s plot is the best way?  No cutting back and forth and forcing a compilation nor narration.  [No Country for Old Men](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&persist_app=1&noapp=1&v=aCjnUJjWb38) got it right...  just one example of many.  The film and conversation speaks for itself, they don’t show or elude to what half the movie is about, they simply hook you in with the “flip of a coin” theme and then fluff it with simple dialogue leaving viewers desiring more...   Edit:  [Full Coin Scene at the store](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OLCL6OYbSTw) for those that love the suspense of simple dialogue.  Yes I spelled *allude* incorrectly.  Flipped a coin and guessed wrong.
I mean .. we all die 
Biscuits and gravy is just one form of flour and milk poured onto another form of flour and milk.
I will keep that in mind if I ever have a daughter, or a wife.
The difference between being sad and depression is sort of like the difference between the weather and climate
Yeah and you must be in your 20s, just you wait..
Sometimes I use a question as a light-hearted conversation starter, even though I know the answer already.  ^^^Im ^^^so ^^^lonely. ^^^Somebody ^^^please ^^^talk ^^^to ^^^me. ^^^:(  Edit: Well, this sure did blow up. I like reading the random conversations happening under this comment. Yall are an awesome group of people! 😊
Am I the only one who completely understood the title the first time I read it?
“Oh man those poor people have nothing”  *can you spare some change?*  “No!, Get a job! You dirty Bum!”
Everyone I meet is a dog. Im concerned that I may have species issues.
Lets call them Team Rocket.
Now lets see who attends his parties or even his own funeral
What if in the future fridges have a front door and a back door?  And what if the back door connected to the outside of your house?   You could get deliveries for your fridge. Maybe make it secure with a key or pass code so only authorized persons could gain fridge access.  They could call it Amazon Fridge.  Now thats a cool idea.
We do not shower the same way
If you eat a peanut, youre the only one who will have eaten that peanut
How bad is the snow right now, OP?
TBF if you were born anytime between June 10, 1999 and June 8th, 2000 you would also be 69 on 6/9/69.
[deleted]
The worst piece of advice ever was If you shake it more than twice youre playing with it you need to shake more than twice.
We’re running a bit behind schedule but we’ll get back to you at our earliest convenience. Thank you for your patience.  Respectfully,  The 4 Horsemen 
If there was an STD that decreased the size of male genitalia, nobody would think twice about wearing a condom ever again.
When I traveled to Amsterdam with some friends, some of us tried shrooms. Three of us, actually, while the rest was just jelly in the room.         I remember I was wearing one of those hoodies with a big frontal pocket and I was laughing while sitting on the floor, when suddenly both my hands met inside the pocket.       Oh man I am touching myself, I yelled.        Shit man, did not mean to say that.
I’ve already seen a blood moon once, so it didn’t bother me too much that I missed this one. BUT I’LL NEVER FORGIVE THOSE DAMN CLOUDS FOR BLOCKING THE FUCKING SOLAR ECLIPSE.
Duh
When I was a child I worried about the machines as well, but I was an anxious kid
This guy wants to fuck his mom
Yea its highly accurate. Just Google my name, Thomas, and youll see how accurate it truly is. Totally not wrong at all
An updated version of Diamonds are girls best friend is Followers are girls best friends.
Im all sad now 
I can’t imagine the past like that anymore. I can’t imagine watching seinfeld and wondering what petty bullshit they’ll complain about next week. 
No. I live in a house made of rock flesh held together by rock blood + rock bones. Not everyone has an American cardboard house, you know? 
Smart watches link to smart phones. So, they would have been pretty useless if made first.
[deleted]
Go watch the lemino video on the unknowns and skip to  25:10 (25 minutes 10 seconds)(if you’re not interested in the rest of the video )in the video it covers this quite a bit Here’s the link: https://youtu.be/fb7T1v_VHpE
The first person to use a fake mustache as a disguise was probably very successful.
No thats not how it works you idiot.
thats because we usually dont know the consequences of our actions in the present
Youre not wrong.
And then theres Darius Rucker who says Im sorry every song and Sara Evans who says This guys pretty good in every song
That’s not how this works...
Before the internet: most people lived in an information desert. After: people live in an information flood and the waters unsafe to drink.
Cute nicknames like Trash Panda and Danger Noodle would probably be considered slurs in Zootopia.
>#I AM GROWING STRONGER  The baby, probably.
My experience backs this up.  It wasnt until I lived outside of America that I realized that Knock Knock jokes are almost entirely based on bad puns.  And they confounded people that didnt know the language very well.  We had this one friend in Ukraine that was a translator of ours.  He spoke English very well and we treated him like a native speaker.  But one day he started asking us about knock knock jokes and told us several and made us explain them.  He could not understand why they were funny.  A few days later he comes to us and says, Hey guys, I made up a Knock Knock joke.  I think I understand them now.  So, we were like, Cool. Lets see what you got  This was his joke:  Knock Knock!  Whos There?  A Pretty Mouse.  A Pretty Mouse who?  **A Pretty Mouse with a tail!**  We laughed of course.  But not for the right reasons.  It was just such an absurd joke.  It made no sense.  But it will be stuck in my head for my whole life.  I will be laying on my death bed and this joke will be the last thing I think about, because its just so... strange.  It took me ten years to realize that he probably had been saying Tale instead of Tail.  A few months later we were riding in a taxi with him in the center of town, and he saw someone out the window and waved for the driver to stop.  He shook our hands and apologized that he had to leave in such a hurry.  He got out of the car and ran into the park to talk to someone and we never saw or heard from him again.  A pretty mouse, with a tail...  A pretty mouse...  with a tale...  
Cyborg-zombies. Wood in an axe-handle is dead. 
If you spoil anyone they should be removed, because thats how you get ants. 
Thanks to denial, Im immortal!
Personally, I get really bad post-shower sweats. Worse than forgetting-deodorant sweats and post-eating sweats. But not quite as bad as walking-to-class-then-sitting-down sweats.   EDIT: Replying to questions here for visibility. Unfortunately since my sweats are full-body and not just localised to one area like my armpits, antiperspirants dont really do much.   Also, cold showers seem to help slightly, but the sweats still happen. As soon as my body/hair gets wet, I start sweating profusely. Its quite annoying. I basically wear shorts and t-shirts year round regardless of the weather since Im always warm (and sweaty).   My sweatiness has cost me: my sweats completely ruined my mattress so my SO and I  had to get a new one, then I had to buy heavy-duty rubber mattress protectors and sheets/pillow-cases, the kind they use for older people who are incontinent. 
The author of a Reddit post expressed discomfort in contemporary Anglo academia as they noted the disingenuous nature of some conclusions drawn in English courses (Drecklia, 2018). This sentiment illuminates the sense of liberation derived from their childhoods gay experimentation in a nomadic group of Romani in rural Wisconsin.  Edit: Fixed things for NewRedditorWhoThis and 9,000 other people.
Stan Lee’s funeral is going to be a reverse cameo where all the superheroes appear in the background of his story
Imagine every bruise you got playing with nun-chucks or even a stick was a severed limb.
It’s like live like there’s no tomorrow
When you drop a lego phone, it becomes bricked.
*click*
No, they wouldnt. Theyd re-adjust because everyone knows Google is 10% slow. Theyd have to do it intermittently to create the anxiety of not actually knowing.
Sitting in the delivery room lol thanks fam
7-Eleven is really lucky the attacks didnt happened on 7/11
*Cries in tree*
I dont want to watch it get any smaller.
Futurama is actually a historical documentary sent back to our time by accident.
If you change the W to a T in what, where and when you will have an answer
Wouldnt you have to had never returned to your present time in order for them to miss you? Time is linear, if you traveled 1 year forward, and never went back, your theory could work. 
Would an ice cube be a loaf of water then?
A serial killer has probably watched a documentary on their unsolved crimes and laughed at the inaccuracies in the leads
I think holding a record means its been recorded
Well at least you wont be losing your charger.
Well if they want to die, I suggest they stand the fuck still  EDIT: This is ridiculous. My top comment is about killing flies. Theres Reddit for ya  EDIT 2: Holy shit. Thank you kind strangers.
logarithmic scaling ?
Tie your woman up to the radiator once, and everyone loses their mind
My roommate takes naps every day. I stay up all night and then all day. My other roommate might be home? I can’t tell. And my other roommate stays up late, but I’ve never seen her wake up.   Getting sleep in college is weird. 
It’s an oxymoron. The words contradict each other, like “pretty ugly”, “same difference”, “only choice” etc.
fake doors though, thats something I can get behind.
Earth is the only planet whose moon is called The Moon
It should be socially acceptable to be able to turn off from the world and ignore everyone for a day or two without having to explain why or feel weird about it
Once you stab someone you need to shoot them off the knife 
Side quests fellas! Make sure you go try new things, and meet new people.    The main quest line and the micro-transactions are not where you will find the moments you were looking forward too.   
Class, Id like you to meet my TA, Boots. Hes here to help answer questions, grade your homework, and occasionally teach classes when Im busy saving the Crystal Kingdom. 
>I dont know where Im going with this.  A true shower thought
My philosophy entirely. And it keeps me happy because Im never disappointed.
you alcoholic too much if you burke and shart
> Reposts [removed top post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/aqtcxv/any_salad_can_be_a_caesar_salad_if_you_stab_it) from barely a day ago.  Its a bold strategy Cotton. Lets see if it pays off for him.
The opposite goes for trust — you lose it in litres and gain it in drops
Regret is the wet sock you get from not picking up the bit of ice that fell on the kitchen floor 15 minutes ago
I spent $4000 on a couch about 10 years ago.  Why?  Well, there we were shopping for a couch at some massive ass furniture warehouse store and my wife was walking around sitting on every single fucking couch and bouncing up and down on it and laying sideways and blah be fucking blah.... she was taking forever.. like seriously, at least an hour.. dozens of couches at this point.  So I told her to fuck off and find a couch, Id be right here.. pointed towards a couch and sat back on it.  Within what must have been 15 seconds, I was out cold.  She woke me up and we went home... didnt think much of it.... week later were back at the same store and I sat on the same couch.. bam.. asleep in 15 seconds or less..  When my wife woke me up, I told her I was going to buy this couch because it was impeccable.  10 years later I still fall asleep in seconds on that couch. Fuck its a perfect couch.  Soft as hell too.. so soft.. I sink 5 down into it and am completely engulfed by cushions... ugh.. Im going to go sit on it right now actually... night.  Edit: Good Morning Reddit. I found the company that made the couch last night but it looks like they went out of business. Its known as a Fifth Avenue Sectional and was made by Robert Michael Furniture.  http://i.imgur.com/kjXqCXq.png  I copied that off a furniture stores website to avoid the Reddit hug of death.
You do realize that they created kryptonite because the voice actor for the radio wanted to go on vacation? Or did you just assume this shower thought without reading the history of Superman?
Underwear is just crotch socks. 
You mean like [Remember Me](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remember_Me_(2010_film\))? Because that one only took 9 years.
That Oreo Cool Whip is barely moving off the shelves, anybody tried it?
Way in the past, somewhere else  Its TOO DEEP for you???
I liked my brothers honk if you like noise pollution
The original version did not have any wish in it.  Plus, it is her own mother not the evil queen. 
Youd have to address the streets where they go before the sun rises, but this is a good idea. 
I like fishing but I cant swim. Am I a joke to you?
I know my mom is pretty easy but i think 7000 is a bit unrealistic. 
Parent 1: Wheres Billy?  Parent 2: Masturbating in front of his new mirror again  Parent 1: why couldnt he just watch Hentai like his brothers?
Showerthought combo!
I wore shorts without pockets the other day and had my wife carry my wallet, keys, and cellphone. I felt uncomfortably naked and vulnerable all day. I cant imagine being actually naked in public 
can I have one weed please mr drug dealer 
EA: Its half a game.
You cant sleep now; there are monsters nearby.
And the best part of a hotdog tastes like the wurst part of a sausage.
When I was 13 years old I became friends with what I remember a 30 something year old guy at the time through Runescape. I even gave him my password and he bought me a month of being a member. We used to talk wrestling a lot and hed hear out my stories of personal life struggles at the time and I remember at one point we had a live cam session and he brought in his wife or told his wife about my then struggles. I could be bringing up false memories but thats still the basic jist of it.  Completely out of context, this definitely can be considered creepy but looking back, he never asked me any creepy questions. All he was, was a male role model I felt like I needed in my life since my dad passed and I could talk about things to. Just a genuine human being who really cared about a young teen at the time.   So, if youre out there at all Tchief77 and you somehow by miracle stumble across this.....thank you for the support all those years ago and I hope youre doing well. Im currently pursuing my dream of becoming a professional wrestler.   I have no idea why I typed this but I just felt so inclined on this subject.  &nbsp;  Edit update 3/2/17: Thank you everyone. I am completely speechless. Time permitting a bit, I tried my best to get back to as many comments and messages as I could, for which I apologize if I missed you. A lot of my time nowadays is busy due to pro wrestling training day in and day out here at Lance Storms school. But, I will say that I did notice many of you can relate to my situation back then and for that, that is cool and I totally thank you for sharing. For some of you I can imagine it must have been hard to share because its such a not shareable thing to many people out there. I just want to recognize everyones courage for sharing. A lot of you guys have both already helped and also offered to help me look for him too and I thank you for your thoughtfulness. I think I have some great leads so far thanks to you guys. No words to describe how incredible everyones kind heartedness has me feeling inside. I have not made contact with him yet but I will post an edit update here on this comment or somewhere else on reddit(let me know where the best place is if you can, Im not the most reddit savvy person out there lol) if I happen to find him again. One more time, thank you.  Also, for those interested if youre a wrestling fan/even if youre not a wrestling fan, you can also watch this 2 min video by a pro wrestler Matt Hardy from 2 years ago where he details my wrestling journey thus far. (One typo, where he says 2016, swap that for 2017. It took me a year later to make it it turns out.) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnimIya85p0&t=2s      
I am diabetic and used to wear an insulin pump around, the long tube was attached to a little needle under my skin and often got caught on stuff and ripped out. It also made me very mad, but the headphone thing makes me almost equally mad. Interesting.
We would all fail to note any vampires in space because all telescopes use mirrors.
Its my birthday! This lady turned 30! So thank you :) 
Cash me ousside how bow dah
Smart fones are the AirPods of the old phones
It becomes less and less acceptable to cry in public the older you get, despite the reasons for doing so becoming more and more valid
The World record for number of World records recorded, is the ultimate World Record. 
Not quite
My first real introduction to death was a classmate that died on a field trip in like fourth or fifth grade.  All the fish that came beforehand couldnt have prepared me.
Cryptography is discreet mathematics.
As well as the roadster, a mini Hot Wheels version of the Tesla sports car, with its own miniature Starman, is also on board. It appears to be fixed to the centre of the cars dashboard.
As they age? I’m 20 and it already looks like and elderly turkey neck. 
Ever seen *Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2*?
Alright trying to work on it, you just blew my idea out 
My wife used to ask me this question until I started responding with, Id rather take on 4 inches three times than I would 12 inches once.  She doesnt ask me anymore.  Edit: Grammer
[deleted]
It literally is underwear. Underwear is a class of garment, not limited to genital coverings.
Oof ouch the edge
If an ant came up to my knee height and started climbing me I would be frickin terrified
Humans don’t care about the rapidly declining state of our planet, but are crying over a robot’s battery dying on a completely different planet.
Stop my brain doesn’t want to deal with this and I need my sleep 
Man, that car just *flew* past us. I wonder what kind of car it was?      *X-Files theme plays ominously* 
It generally goes like this:  >have a bad dream about an ongoing real life event(it can be an exam, deadline etc, not involving death or any physical harm)  >Waking up relieved after realizing that it was just a dream  >Become more attentive and take that dream as a caution  >Still procrastinate until the deadline and that dream becomes a reality  >feel bad for oneself about how you couldve avoided this.
Fun is more work than just staring at a wall...
That is almost exactly what my Freshmen mechanics professor has constantly said. We learn basically the same four fields over and over again, each time adding a more complicated level of mathematics to it. 
The plural is lasagne.
Once you start clapping you never stop there’s just a longer interval between claps.
Actually blowjobs are more environmentally friendly.. They server the same purpose as a condom and dont have to be manufactured or shipped. 
I dont believe you 
.. From a dream.  When I was 22, I was in my 5th year of undergrad, trying hard not to have to go into the real world
He put on clothes before going to town. So he knows he is naked and knows he needs to get dressed when going into public. So really it’s just a guy living alone that figured there was no reason to dirty laundry every day if no one is going to see him anyway.   Shit man, I’ve done that!
Anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you cant find any enemies.
Quoting just makes plagiarizing sound cool.
I have a friend who believes that agriculture was a bad move and wed be better off living in a hunter gatherer society.  Shes self-aware enough to know shed be dead within a week.
In other news, productivity worldwide spikes to a record high.
I have owned new cars.  I am definitely not rich.  Mostly because I make stupid decisions like buying new cars.
You could build a 1000ft wall around the earth with the 108B people who have ever lived
Genuine question - Does anyone actually... dislike Never gonna give you up? Like, multiple times Ive skipped links because they claim to be something genuine, only to scroll back up and click them when the comments reveal them as a Rickroll. Just that fantastically booming 80s synth buildup for the intro, the cheesy-yet-wholesome lyrics, that chorus. I dont know, I get the feeling part of the reason this memes so successful is that people dont actually mind hearing it that much.
no shampooing your lovers hair is the most intimate thing
And every time you pass Go, you collect 3% more than last time.  But rent goes up 5%.
So how many many are you sharing a meal with when you eat chicken nuggets?
and fighting the cops is shoving all in
My high school girlfriends kid is now the same age when I started dating her. Its weird and I feel old.  Edit: language is hard. I started dating my first girlfriend when we were both 15. She has a kid now. The kid is now 15. It feels weird to think about how time passes like that.
Except when the servers went out. That made the world burn. 
Yeah kinda stumbled over this fact yesterday. (not living in the US) I couldnt believe stories about how could it apparently is in the states. So I had to check whether someone was confused about the unit of measurement....   Turns out at -40 they are the same    Also: I hope youre holding up allright! 
Women tend to have higher dexterity with their fingers.  Worked in a factory that had high speed assembly line with small parts.  Overall, Women clearly outperformed men.
“We impose order on the chaos of organic evolution. You exist, because we allow it. And you will end, because we demand it.” -Sovereign
Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras cant get a clear shot of a robber standing still.
Technically, anyone who has ever been abroad to a country with a different timezone is a time traveler.
Time to set up a team to dress as stormtroopers and rob banks.
You mean a manual transmission and its a statistical fact that manual transmission cars get stolen less.
200 years ago imagine how rich id need to be to look at pictures of naked people in rapid succession while i masturbate.   Painters arent cheap.
Idk. Adulthood is way better than childhood. I can buy stuff. And do stuff. And none of it is with my parents. If I never had to pay a bill or work again, but I needed my parents permission or help to do anything, no way I take that deal.   Edit: Enough comments that I wanted to clarify, I still do things with my parents, but now its for enjoyment. I was just speaking hyperbolically. Sucks so many of you guys arent able to spend time with your parents for whatever reason, my sympathy goes out to you.
If there is a mile high club then there probably is a mile below club that marine biologists and deep ocean explorers join
“The internet’s down...  this is the apocalypse!  Time to start hoarding and looting!”  “But, we still have power.  What makes you think it’s the apocalypse?”  “The internet is *down*!  How can we know it’s not the apocalypse?”  “Well, the tv news-“  “Good God!  We’re reduced to watching live tv?  The apocalypse is worse than I imagined.  I guess we’d better start resorting to cannibalism.”
Schools want you to put on your thinking cap, but dont allow hats in the classroom
My mom laminated mine.. Despite clear instructions not too... 
Im convinced that this is the sort of shit people would do if super powers existed irl 
I have four finals tomorrow and just slammed down my studying materials and laptop and said FUCK it, if I dont know it now I never will! Jobs wont look at your specific grades!   Pick up my phone, see this notification.   Guess whos studying again now? 
Mjölni-rang
Why you do this to me?
I’ve found the opposite is true. Plus herpes has so many different variations and forms that people don’t even register that some of them are a strain of it. And I’ve seen more people who say they don’t have it who don’t give a fuck rather than people who are concerned about it. 
Except they’re typically a lot better.
When both people awkwardly stop typing because they see that the other is typing, its the digital equivalent of two people moving in the same direction to avoid one another
While in hiding, Osama Bin Laden watched the documentary Where in the World is Osama bin Laden.
The thumbnail looked so promising too.  
The weird thing about this is, as a kid, I always got a participation trophy when I played youth league sports. But I didn’t ask for it, I just got it. And now who uses the participant trophy phrase now? The generation that was handing them out.
Sometimes I masturbate myself to horniness.
Or when the person goes around you and notices the slow car in front of you. 
Better still.... The Man, The Legend, The Swanson himself does as well...
When I was a security guard I had to walk around once an hour and check the property, but because I didnt want to get out of my chair I bought a drone and did my rounds with it instead. 
Funny enough I’m looking at getting a project car. Strictly manual. 
If you grind up a rock, you are speeding up the Earths work by millions of years.
The first man who gave a colorful sparkly stone to a girl really had no idea what he was getting the rest of us into
Yeah humans are such Randy Ortons.
Sometimes when my whole family is together at someones house I think someday this house will be totally quiet. Well all be gone. Its a weird feeling. It was nice being a kid when everything was infinite.
Even though you look at them every day, you still don’t know what the inside of your eyelids look like.
Pretty sure that we need to achieve warp propulsion before they reveal themselves.
Closest McDonalds to me has a policy of leaving chicken nuggets out for a few hours before serving them. I actually got nuggets so bad like 10 days ago that I contacted corporate. Ive never talked to a corporation about a restaurant experience before. They sent me a 10 dollar gift card to apologize, so I go back, and the nuggets today were worse, so I actually took them inside and got a refund.  &#x200B;  They were hard, and dry to the point of crumbling when you bent them instead of tearing in half.
Here in a couple of years, another more annoying game than Fortnight is gonna come out and they will finally understand how us Minecrafters felt.
Actually, the reason Vampires cant see their reflection in mirrors is because mirrors, especially household mirrors, commonly use silver to create the reflective surface. This had recently become common around 1900, when the book Dracula was written [1897], and remains true to this day.  Industrial mirrors often use aluminum, but most household mirrors still use silver.  Silver is considered sacred and pure and cant hold the reflection of a vampire as a result. This is also why vampires are vulnerable to silver.  Vampires should still be able to see their reflection in just about any other reflective surface.  EDIT: This is also why photographs wont work. Film contains silver. You should be able to take a digital image of a vampire and see them fine, but a camera that uses film would not be able to capture their image. 
Someone with 6 fingers on one hand could rake in big bucks asking others to guess the amount of fingers extended behind their back.
\*plays Red Dead Redemption 2 once\*
> millions of people  Theres definitely more than that.  ...at least a brazillion.
No . Bacon actually tastes good . 
I spent 20 years on submarines. We are constantly sweeping decks and cleaning up but there’s always more. Figured out a long time ago that after the first two weeks of underway there’s really no more “dirt” and we are just sweeping up ourselves. 
[Like the Australian news anchor who wore the same suit every day for a year and no one noticed.] (https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/womens-blog/2014/nov/17/male-tv-presenter-same-suit-year-female-colleagues-judged)
This is a equally happy and sad shower thought :(:
When I was 15 I worked in a grocery store and was *really* into Pink Floyd. Then one day they played Fearless off of Meddle.   That was 20 years ago and I still dont know how I feel about it.  
You cant stop a UPS truck and have them sell you shit.
I love this sub
LPT: If you hate cleaning someone elses piss but are not to frustrated cleaning your own, then just wash their piss off by pissing on the seat, then clean your own.
When medication says do not operate heavy machinery theyre probably mainly referring to cars, but my mind always goes to forklift.
every time you paint your room youre making it a little bit smaller
Having an unseen handicap is like fighting through life with the difficulty set on high while everyone judges you against the default difficulty level
I’m more impressed by its non-existent gang violence and lack of rush hour traffic.
The atmosphere is like a giant space suit for the earth.
Radios (audio) have easy to use volume controls, but TVs (audio and visual) dont have easy to use brightness controls.
One of the hidden perks of having kids is that when you help with homework you get to relearn all of the things you forgot from school.
You are not wrong.
2007: lol, dude, why do you have tape over your phone camera?!? THE MOON LANDING WAS REAL Dude!! LOLOLOL. you need help.   2017: All new laptops should have a small sliding cover in front of the webcam.
No, its because they smell nice. 
I always stop my microwave with 1 second left so I feel like Jack Bauer 
Except for *those* people
[deleted]
My understanding is that if the athletes perform well, its a great execution, and if they perform badly, it will also be a great execution.
There’s a difference between accepting something as true with confirmation from other sources, and acceptance of a thing at face value just because it says to do so.
Apple treats you like a user, Android treats you like an admin.
The idea that 300 thousand people cared enough about this youtube drama to go back and change their vote on a music video from 8 years ago is hilarious.
Could you imagine telling your dog a joke that it doesnt get until 3am.   Imagine hearing that laugh. 
Ive been with the same woman for a little over 10 years.   Married own a house,  and have kids.  I wont pretend to know anyone here.  However I do want to say this:  Marriage isnt just about liking each other.  Its an investment in life.   You want to be able to get a house, save for retirement,  get your own man cave and do all the hobbies you wanted to do.   With another person it becomes more possible and its great when you love them too,  and then have a family with them.   Its also easier when you have 2 incomes.   No couple is perfect.   You wont ever find the perfect one.   You want to find someone you are attracted to and proud to be with.   You will like each other hate each other but grow old together.  Its even like siblings in a way.     My main point is dont break up for stupid reasons.   Before you break up with someone ask the people around you in long term relationships if your reasons seem stupid or not.  Ive seen people break up for the dumbest reasons.  If it doesnt seem stupid,  then do it.   Just dont expect perfection from your partner.  Dont expect them to like everything you do.  Dont expect to always get along.   Even the best married couples go through shitty times.   As long as nearly every night you guys can cuddle together and feel loved by each other and feel like no matter how shit filled the day was that you guys are in it for the long haul,  then you know youve found the right person.    Now thats about all I have to say about that. 
If we ever travel thousands of light years to a planet inhabited by intelligent life, let’s just make patterns in their crops and leave.
I know the joke is weird porn searches, but if you just use Google at work a lot, all youll get is someone with the same job as you. Which would suck. 
People that still spike their hair in 2019 are like the people that kept mullets past the 80s
And talk shit about you to one another
[Are they these two?](http://i.imgur.com/4NPtxDk.gifv)
When your relationship has issues of the past that you cant get past, you have no future.
The Terminator has been renamed to the Preventer. 
And cheese is just a loaf of milk 
You don’t know my keys!  Maybe I switch which set of keys I use every day
By having sex
What about sheep? Too stupid to understand what was happening?
What else would you name your dog? 
If it asks me and im in the mood, and it takes more than 2 seconds i rate 1 star for the inconveinience
Im Scandinavian and never grew up taking drugs/medicine for stuff like the flu or a cold. And if I tell an American, they always insist I should be taking medicine. I could agree to pain killers, but what other drugs are you guys taking? Here, the doctors always just tell us to chill, drink lots of fluids, especially tea and just wait until your immune system has fought it. 
Madden Road to the super bowl is like story mode
The same one they read?
Not really because you didnt think about it. It wasnt a thing. Its like if I said life would be so boring without computers implanted in our brains. Ignorance is bliss. If you dont know what you are missing, you dont miss it.
When a tree gets its leaves back during the spring it is relieved.
Sounds like my kind of sport lol 
No there wouldnt. People are cunts to workers because they have no consequences for said behavior. If you want to drastically cut down on asshole customers, employers need to enable their employees to tell people to fuck themselves when needed.
youve never ridden the PATHtrain from Jersey City into Manhattan
Yup-yuppy-yup  Evidence: hitting your 30s or 40s and noticing that over half of your Steam titles are in light gray font cause you never installed em.
Thats more of a crying in the shower thought. 
Because he promoted good causes too; not only in the show, but also in real life.
That is literally true. I dont see why this a shower thought
Im now 22 and tell my dad when to go to bed.   Full circle.
He has. He repeated it on 2001 with Dre on some of the live recordings. I think there are recordings of it somewhere
And dont forget, if you werent in the picture, your spouse would be a totally badass warrior.
Makes hair darker too...
Theres an emo in all of us 
How do you get a job there as like, a janitor? Certainly it is hard to find support staff right?
[removed]
Why play games when suddenly you have IRL Rust server
The movie takes place on an ~~fictional~~ unknown island in the middle of nowhere; they can have whatever accent they like.
People that born in september are the result of new year sex.
Well maybe those other planets should put more effort into contributing to the solar system.  Pizza, burgers, movies. All earth. 
I’m not hiding it
Thought of it before 
If AI takes over all our jobs, doesnt that just mean humans can eat and live well without having to work?
Just like I think Im a genius because I spend most of my time on Reddit. 
When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK.
Beep boop
As opposed to that recipe your grandma got off the back of some container that everybody liked?  Look through your grandmas/older relatives cookbook and youll be surprised where your favorite recipes generally come from.
Holy shit this is stupid af 
R.I.P the poor souls who meant to type their crushs name in the search box but accidently entered it in the whats on your mind one instead.  Edit: wow so many replies. So much cringe.  I feel way better about any embarrassing shit i have ever done after reading these stories. Thanks everyone 😶
Lets rename it palindromemordnilap 
Shit dude my high school started at like 7 20
But I live alone :c
People who post pictures of restaurant menus on Yelp when you cant find them anywhere else are the real MVPs.
Good luck inventing internal combustion engines (or anything involving fire) underwater.
It gives everyone a platform, often with little accountability. 
unless you wash your clothes naked
When I told people I wanted to move to Colorado people said the grass is always greener. I said, “We live in arizona! The fact that they have grass by definition makes it greener.”   It’s spring and I’ve never seen so much green grass in my entire life. 
Unless youre black 
Once theyre everywhere, then speed limits can be calibrated based on efficiency of routing and more-than-human reaction time. 
Because moving stealthily is crucial for survival sometimes?
What if I cringe at my current self compared to my past self?  Edit: i guess I am Benjamin Buttons and thank you for 6.5K  Edit: I’m also thankful I’m not the only one disappointed in myself. 
With renditions of the Happy Birthday song in each spot.   *You had to sing to yourself when you were alone on this planet, but we are here to sing with you now, Curiosity. Youre not alone anymore.*
Disclaimer:  skill not transferable to twister.
The biggest downside to cell phones is that instead of an argument being over when you leave for work, now - thanks to texting - the argument can continue All. Fucking. Day.
“Hey dad, watch me blow a bubble!” BANG BANG BANG
Things were free for many years before online adverts became this popular. You dont remember a YouTube without ads? Pepperidge farms remembers.... 
 This is freaking me out cause now I cant stop touching my arm fingers.
I remember thinking this when waking up, turning the TV on and seeing Adult Swim
Learning about sex by watching porn is like learning to drive by watching Fast and Furious
And your old anus as well IIRC. 
How does us cutting them down and turning the climate against them fit into this?
As much as the general consumer likes to push the Child Labor joke, I can guarantee this is not the case at Foxconn, the manufacturer of the iPhone. Foxconn has their own set of issues that is for sure, but one thing I can guarantee, is that every single one of those workers, is above legal working age.     Source: Importer who has been in Foxconns main plant in Guangdong, China
Now put them together
If every highschool/college student took a one year long practical course where they work one semester in retail and one semester in food service, there would be far less rude customers
Once you get 20 scraches on a surface you score a score of scores.
all I can think of is the fact that *Ive just been in this place before*
I went to a restaurant recently in Lakehurst, NJ. For those that dont know that is the site of the Hindenburgh disaster.  The restaurant had an item called The HindenBurger  So yes, 9-11 will definitely get its share of this type of thing.
When youre a teenager and you watch your parents trying to use technology, thats how they feel when you try to date
Wait till you find out what the Tardigrade is up to.
I actually get stuck in traffic near my manager often, and I can always spot her car from a mile away she drives a neon green vehicle. 
Sweets are just the drugs of children
Great observation, but I think its more circular. A lot of news originates on the internet so thats our first exposure. The second exposure is on the news which editorializes the story rather than explain it. After getting an earful of opinions, we go back to the internet to learn the actual facts. 
Fun Fact: According to the FDA, food with less than 0.5g of trans fat per serving can be rounded down and labelled as No trans fats.
Starfish are reverse Pisces.
Thats when the genie pulls out the official rule book, pages through it, and finds the rule about not wishing for paradoxical things.  You see, we only get the superficial quick list of rules for the wishes.  There is actually a big book of rules for the genie.
All dogs are therapy dogs. The majority of them are just freelancing.
My gf says bless you right before I sneeze, causing me not to sneeze. 
Fahrenheit is like, a way to casually let people know you’re American
And both have no idea what to do with their fingers. 
Its just wild to me that people will see strays daily and not bat an eye but when they see a homeless person with a pet suddenly everyone has something to say about how its not being looked after the best the poor thing. Like at least its being cared for. The alternative is it being on the streets ignored like the rest. Theyre doing their best for an animal that might not have a home or might end up put down at a kill shelter without them... 
The phrase Dead men tell no tales was coined so long ago that the person who said it is very likely dead... thus proving them wrong.
If death is just a reliving of your past, youd never know it
Like the difference between a butt dial and a booty call
And a concerntraion camp sounds great for my kids with adhd
Being a man in Florida isnt a problem, but being a Florida Man is.
Bruh we can vomit acid
Being pregnant with my first child, Im feeling particularly vulnerable to this post...  *And knowing the risk that you might live to see it*
If dinosaurs are ever brought back to life, they will be turned into the most expensive and sought after shoes/jackets/handbags.
Lets just forget this happy little accident ;) 
Before the smartphone or the navigation system became a thing only people who really knew the city could become Taxi drivers.
Not too long ago we checked the news to verify something we saw on the internet. Now we check the internet to verify what we see on the news.
Based on a true story movies are all part of the same series.
The reason Vampjres could not appear in mirrors is because mirrors used to be backed with silver.  The More you know ***
This sub is the best thing since sliced milk.
Pigs would need to be leaner and lighter in order to take flight, and because of that would probably taste more like chicken than pork. In fact, not even as good as chicken, considering the chicken that we eat is fattier because they cant fly.
Yeah.  People are more willing to trust what they hear from a close friend or family member even if that person is less knowledgeable than an outside expert.  Friends and families can feed you bullshit by the shovel because they believe, honestly and truly, that it is fact.    edit:Forgot is between person and less in the first sentence.
They’re all counterfiat 
Or they are hoping you take the bait at your own peril. They are probably trying to kill us.
Technically incorrect. A human could (theoretically) consent to their own consumption so it wouldnt be immoral or involve the abuse of a living being. 
What if its your own death
Sitting in airplane seats should be problematic with those fake asses.
There it is. The kind of post that reminds me why I sub here.  Edit: Thanks for the gold, u/KingerBeady.
And yet its still hard to find! Okay ^sorry ^^Im ^^^leaving
I wish this dude ruled the world
Confusing Link and Zelda is the modern version of confusing Frankenstein and Frankenstein’s monster.
Doesnt the fairy godmother use a phone at some point?  I feel like she called someone.  I havent seen any of the Shreks for a while.
And the biggest cause of research in mice is cancer
Actually, youre more likely to hold my attention longer if you start telling me about your awesome cat.   Edit: also my cactus doesnt follow me into the bathroom and demand that I pet them. 
Thats what the yeast gets for loafing around 
[removed]
Youre in charge of YouTubes copyright bots, arent you?
If youre drinking for 8 hours, 8 hours of sleep is a good idea.
Did they even call it WWII DURING the war? Serious question. 
Sounds like your asshole has made the rounds 
Sex is only as much fun as the other person is having.
They would be even more disappointed in me now than they were then
Please hold on to the bar.
How do you experience a flat earth 
I believe Charles Dickens called this Telescopic Morality. One of his characters worried about the starving in Africa, yet ignored the starving at her very doorstep.
My way of flirting is looking at the person Im attracted to and hoping theyre braver than I am.
Thanks to denial I’m immortal 
Set up a little campfire nearby and you can also watch water boil.
Bone Thugs N Hermione  Edit: Whoa! Gilded? Thank you for my 1st bling.
Even though you look at them every day, you still don’t know what the inside of your eyelids look like.
Men may never know the pain of childbirth, but women will never know the pain of finding out the child theyve been raising isnt their own.
We? 
You can quite easily hear a car from quite a long way away but to hear one against many is impossible.
Or just the thought of having a roof over your head shields you from any fears/ nightmares brought on by thunderstorms. 
I dont get it. Inside out or something?
“Wait- that’s not me.”   “Whaaat? Of course it is!”   “There’s no way in hell I sound like that!”   “Dude- that’s *you*!   “Aaaaggghhh! No way! I hate my voice! I sound like a moron!”
Reviews are saying this is a major upgrade over the previous release. 
Little cakes
With a billion dollars, you could spend 34 grand a day for 80 years. It would take a person working full time at minimum wage 2 years to make 34 grand.
How would you build a wall around the earth? Would it be a sphere of corpses in orbit surrounding the earth?
I smoke for religious reasons  Every cigarette brings me 5 minutes closer to Jesus 
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you dont know what either of those things are.
Who cares about that small stuff. Im expecting an eight-figure deposit into my bank account from Nigeria any day now.
It would still carry awful diseases
*pay to have your horse watch the triple crown winner have sex with like 10 fine ass lady horses. That should do the trick
The front pocket on a hoodie is basically a widely used, discreet, and acceptable version of a fanny pack
Or you are being waterboarded.
Vehicles today can surf the web, link to your phone, stream music and videos, etc.. but they still cant perform a simple database lookup to tell you what the check engine light is on for.
So good. I have more vaccines than most because of travel. So the aliens will eat me last. Thanks!
hemorrhoids
Uh... you forget that students parents pay for property taxes that fund the teachers.  So its big cycle.
This is also why image macros are so popular, the setup already exist and so does the context and half the punchline. The creator is filling in the least amount of content to make the joke work.
I hear that!
Ethics is the condom of life. It’s a lot more fun without it, but you know better.
Nah, just get people over 50 to use cursive. AIs wont have a clue what THAT is.
A GameStop employee actually died like this some years ago. Robbery gone wrong, they tied and gagged the employees.
My neighbor named their dog goose 
I have a really up close photo of my dog hanging there (shar pei squish face) and the first time a guy came over he said it made him really uncomfortable   Edit: [stare into these eyes as you pee ](https://imgur.com/a/UjVwrcE) 
It was better that his original catchphrase, Fuck!
I Know Right. I hate people who’s hair flows left.  I only date people who hair falls right. 
Friday>Sunday, proposition very TRUE.
You have my attention,bye.
It makes the classic car dad joke even better too, because when you have to take control to put it into reverse (because youre on a narrow lane and theres a car coming or whatever), uttering the standard   >Ahhhh, this takes me back!   Is suddenly ALSO TRUE.
Not an adult yet?    I work long hours during certain points in the year.  An alarm is crucial to starting the day on time.  
I regard NASCAR the same way I regard gay porn: I know it exists and I know some guys like it; I just dont want to see it
Due to coin flips, George Washington still makes decisions to this day.
Weddings are like crossover episodes for real life people.
The entire wait staff singing Happy Birthday to the customer is never a positive experience for either yet it shows no signs of slowing down
Managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position
Jenny, who can he turn too? 
Birdsong is actually birds yelling at each other to fuck off because they already have that area occupied, its more like a war cry. Dont believe me? Set up a bird feeder in your backyard and record its birdsong, play it back to him or her and watch what it does.
Of course they went to school at Hogwarts. like 50% of the movie is them being in class. We all saw it with our own eyes. 
Unless they’re premature or late. 
My mom and her sisters had a conspiracy theory that Michael and Latoya were the same person
Evanevanevanevanevanevan - Can we fact check that on the fly?
Oh shit
glass cannon build  &#x200B;
Original: https://twitter.com/thenatewolf/status/612929798843674624 
Same with the paper industry. Less newspaper more packaging material. 
If I eat the whole package in one go, is that still a “snack”?
Who even decided they look professional? Its silly.
You know what else is odd? The numbers always go up to like 7..as if thats a natural place to stop counting.  Seems like theyre somehow connected phenomenon. I imagine the guys making these things started out thinking theyd bring it to ten degrees of doneness and then got to 7 and were like, okay..if we go any further the bread will literally just ignite.
The kids who play fortnite probably don’t even know how long a fortnight is...
I have only ever been to Walmart in China, where being white made me the weird one anyway.
And manual labor
In old guy voice: Back in my day there was 7 billion
In Russia, we usually say Were you born in an elevator?  Cus the doors there close automatically, obviously 
Would you rather clean guacamole off of hardwood floor or shag carpet?
If you like being politely jacked off then ignored
This is the least alone Ive felt in my entire life.  So relatable it makes my heart warm. 
cigarette butts
Tell me about it. Those ambulances always think theyre sooooo cool.
Alright, man, did you bring the cash?  Yeah. Did you bring the stuff?  Y... hang on. How do I know youre not a cop?  Hm?  A cop! How do I know youre not a cop?  I mean, uh... heh. Do you see a uniform?  You could be undercover.  Fair point, fair point, but... but cops have to *tell* you that theyre cops.  ... Wait, what?  Yeah, its in the Declaration of Independence or something.  The Constitution?  Gesundheit.  That wasnt... ugh, whatever. Cops have to tell you that theyre cops?  Oh, yeah! Yeah, its... yeah, they have to tell you if you ask.  That seems like it would defeat the purpose of going undercover at all.  Well, thats why its a *secret*, see? They dont want people to find out!  Right. How do you know about it, then?  Because Im a cop. Duh.  ...  Wait, shit.
We absolutely do not know that inherently
That asshole keeps insulting me, screw him!
Cages with walls instead of bars. Nature is home. 
If you want to read this website, disable your ad blocker or pay us money
Life hack: Say okay and after it brings you to the review page just close the App Store. App doesnt know the difference.  Helpful if youre weird and dont press never.
I think its also part of the placebo effect.  Even if kids arent really hurt theyll insist on a bandaid because they think bandaids are what make ouchies go away.
Being attracted to people who wear glasses is the one fetish for physically impared thats socially acceptable
What I love about the way non-native speakers break English is that usually it reveals something meaningful about their original language. For example, had an Austrian intro programming instructor who would say things like Do you find this maybe to be true? or that was a good idea from Zach coming. Which made perfect sense given German sentence structure. 
Im going to remember this forever. How smart is that
We stopped looking for monsters under our beds because as we grew older, we realised that the real monsters were the people around us.
I swear if my man Keanu Reeves turns out to be a piece of shit then its all over
If there WAS mind readers reading your thoughts then there would be a lot more disgusted looks shot your way.
I am sure you all know that Ash doesnt really have  much going for him in the intelligence department
All because he was in love with his female friend doesnt make him an incel. There is more to it than that. 
Myabe insted of kill germ we could talk
At the age of 28, my expected lifetime remaining is around 63%. When I see my phones battery at 63%, I feel like its almost dead.
Far out, man. Were gonna go water boarding then head to the dance hall! I hear Captain Geech and the Shrimp Shack Shooters are gonna be playing!
People who dont sing regularly feel more confident in their singing ability than people who do sing regularly
It seemed so easy to get up to 100,000 on that show, and with Jeopardy that would take like a 5 day streak.
the captchas mostly test your mouse movements to see if youre human. The rest is just you training AI to detect specific objects in pictures. Dont worry too much about it
Eye patches are essential too
That was his plan all along for weeding out the baddies. In his conversation with Charlie at the end it becomes clear that he wants an good-hearted and (more importantly) impressionable child who will continue his own vision of unregulated industrial-scale Oompa-loompa oppression.
My head says yes but my liver doth protest.
I just utilize my scrotum pelt.
Divorce or criminal lawyers as well
I have a blind dog. He knows his location in our house by the different floor textures. Tile in kitchen, hardwoods for living room & various carpets in the bedrooms. He gets around pretty good despite it. I can tap his food dish & its a homing beacon for him. Hes still a happy old man.   Obligatory: http://imgur.com/gallery/ufa1E 
As an awkward teen who is now approaching 50... who found out many years later that there were a lot of girls that I liked who were actually interested in me back then but I never knew it, Im going to give you one piece of old man life advice:  The answer is always no until you ask. And it will remain no unless you ask.  Just ask.   You dont have to have your own place, or a car, or a job when you are young. Just ask if you can hang out together sometime. Just the two of you. Go for a walk. Play a board game, grab a sandwich after school.  Just ask.   Find out, and learn to move on.
Being an adult is eating the crust not because you like it, but because you paid for it.
I mean technically no dog will ever drive legally.
Wait, it’s already 10 years old!?
We did, and thats why they look and taste and grow the way they do. Nearly every crop cultivated by humans in the present day is almost unrecognizable when compared to its original, wild version.  Edit: many people seem to think Im solely referring to commercial growers who produce for supermarkets and the like. Not sure why. 
That reminds me of that time I imagined a stadium filled entirely with perfect clones of me.  All would clap in unison, and all would fail at highfiving each other.
Do you think it would always regenerate to the same size or would each time it run the chance of getting smaller or larger?
experienced my dad in both states as a kid, stoned was better but its kinda like comparing a bruise and a cut. would have preferred neither.
Urgh! Imagine popping a phantom boner with your mates dick.  
What happens with the birth certificate in this instance?   Do they adopt the parents home country, or are they real life shinies, native to an ice cap?
At most stages in life, with enough work, you can do anything you decide to achieve.
I dont know a single person who would want a thinner phone over a few hours of extra battery life.
Also the dangers of distracted driving.
Centaurs have six limbs and are therefore insects. 
Music in reverse sounds really creepy 
Some Fucking apps (tinder) ask for a rating from 1-5 in-all then only if you rate it high link you to the app store
Robots are programmable humans
I think it comes down to people not being assholes...which sucks because there are alot of assholes out there.
Coffee is just bean water.
There are 3 kinds of pop song:  1) in love 2) not in love 3) let’s party
Thanks to Elon Musk, there is now a non-zero chance of getting into a car accident in space.
Naw they are Battle Ready Armor. Duh.
We aren’t ants lol 
Nah, he’s a bit like a bird watcher. They always have their little books with them just to read up on nerdy factoids as they identify each bird 
been a pressing topic on r/conspiracy ...even though it isnt a conspiracy
[deleted]
One of the most frustrating feelings in the world is being smart enough to know there’s a better way to do something but not smart enough to invent a way to do it.
Or if you’re like me, you know you fart an orchestra in your sleep so sleep-overs are a no-go.   My ex once woke me up screaming I farted on his dick. He sounded like part of his innocence was taken away.   EDIT: omg my highest rated comment is about farting on my ex’s penis. Love ya reddit 
Now THIS is the quality I expect from this sub. Upvote!
Haha I can take two families on my motorcycle.
The nature of humanity is that just every so often someone invents Homestuck again  -Paraphrase
Thats because its used by people who over pretentiously say things like LMAOO TRU FAM 😂😂😂👌😂👌😂👌😂😂😂😂😂😲🔫😂😂😂😂😂😂👌😂😂
Didnt know Grindelwald had a reddit account.  Edit: obligatory thanks for the gold kind stranger!  First one. 
Its not that I forget. Its that now, as an adult, Im too tired to get up and go get anything.
Sweets are just the drugs of children
For a second I thought this had something to do with being on your phone while pooping. So you can only imagine my confusion as to where you pooped that you had cereal boxes readily available to read.
8 hours of drinking is binge drinking, 8 hours of TV is binge watching, 8 hours of sleep is barely enough
Thats because you can see the consequences of their decision, but yours isn’t made yet so your consequences aren’t definite. It’s equally easy to judge someone else’s already-made decision as your own already-made decision. 
I read that as wake up *in* pee and I was really confused for a second.
One day the local sports team we’re cheering for could be the milky way, against other galaxies
[deleted]
Im a native German speaker so for me this was obviously German class. The funny thing is that it ruined German literature for me, but I really liked reading English books instead. Partly because the stuff we read in German class was selected to be of this deep and meaningful nature and also because we did the dreaded overanalysis. So I eventually concluded German literature is all depressing stuff about the holocaust and metaphor laden high literature.  Meanwhile in English class we were more concerned with actually learning the language, building vocabulary etc. So we read books that were more mainstream and entertaining to read and the discussions revolved around making sure we understood the literal meaning rather than reading between the lines.  So at the time I came to the overly simplistic conclusion that in English literature it appears to be acceptable to just tell a story while German literature is full of intentional obscurity and forced depth at the expense of actual enjoyment of reading.
Imagine all the beautiful things we cant experience because we lack the sensory organ to.
I dont chew my food. 
I’m from Denmark, and I’ve never seen a stray dog.  The truly mind blowing shower thought is that people pity the dog of a homeless person more than the homeless person. 
Soup is a drink.
Or we can just say nothing and enjoy the moment.
The next step will be learning how to [simulate](https://blog.frontiersin.org/2018/03/02/neuroscience-brain-simulation-algorithm-exascale/) electronic brains and then those brains recognizing themselves and us.
I’d say those crying about the robot are the ones that actually care about our planet too.
I agree with this. I did just fine in HS without really trying and I didn’t learn about grit or dedication until I almost flunked out of college the following year. I remember the most from the classes that challenged me more.
We also all evolved from single cells, checkmate oxygen breathers. 
Really I think its just that the factors of 10 are all treated equally:  1, 2, 5, 10
Umm black?
Humans are such apex predators that we think getting scared like prey is fun and entertaining.
Best place for it. Its mine, I wanna keep it.
Enjoy the front page next week.   Edit: This is why I sort posts by new.  
Build your house out of mirrors
The most unrealistic thing about Guardians of the Galaxy is that Peter didnt break his headphones for 30+ years.
When everything’s emo, nothing is
You have probably spoken to countless people in your life with similar depression, but because everybody tries to hide it, we rarely see it, and that is why we feel alone
How many people wouldnt recognize it because they watch porn with the sound turned down?  Edit: Why are people assuming that I meant mute? I didnt say all the way down.
Cutting corners just makes more corner.
One of the first things I learned in advertising is that there are two products which commercials never make sense - perfume and cars. And to this day I have never been able to prove it wrong
I moved down south for work.  My boss invited me to a Nascar race.  I went because I was new and wanted to stay on his good side.  I get there and he has his RV and coolers full of beer.  We BBQ some awesome food for the hours before the race and had a great time.  Right before the race he hands me a marijuana gummy bear and we walk the coolers into the raceway.  I proceed to get high as hell and have a blast listening to the drivers on the radios.  
Hell no! It makes me feel like I have conquered the world 
I’ve started to read it a little and believe that maybe this is wrong, because it is stated, on page 100 in my version of the book, when the old shopkeeper says that  he doesn’t own a telescreen (aka the thing that spies on people)  because it was too expensive, and because he never felt the need of it. So, it is implied that people actually bought those things and brought them into their home themselves.  Edit : It doesn’t matter who the shopkeeper really is and what was in that room (won’t give any spoiler). What matters imo is that the proles had the choice to buy telescreens and probably did for entertainment, while letting cameras possibly spy, from time to time, in their homes.
the worst part is when your body is like Nah, Ive reached my breaking point - time for week-long chest pains!
Locked in your meat cage.
I feel obligated to wipe the pee off the toilet seat even if it wasnt me, because you know the next person to go into the bathroom is going to think it was.
[deleted]
They really knocked it out of the park.
One time I sneezed in church, and was bracing myself for a thundering chorus of bless you...fuckers didnt say shit. 
Emperor penguins are a firmware update. 
Forgot my customized pocketknife was in my bag. Had to mail it to myself. Payment resulted in the only overdraft on my account ever. Cost me $130 in fees. Lost the pocketknife a few years later. Im a disappointment to myself.  E: I didnt lose my pocket.
I want to be cremated and then put into one of those cardboard pods that grows into a tree so one day I will be cut down and turned into someone elses coffin.
You figured out why Twitter called it a retweet! 
Wrong. Revolution happens when the ruler provides less financial security than the people trying to overthrow the ruler. 
Houston, we need a dongle
vurp
What about the messages between me and my fbi man
No one can dance like Michael.
Socks are like sex. Plenty of it around, but i can never seem to find any. - Hugh Laurie
Your tongue’s ability to detect hair is underrated.
60 years plus maybe
This is like something an edgy emo teen would put on facebook
Yeah thats the definition of sleep deprivation. Different from other scarcity scenarios in that it is possible to gain the resource without any exchange except your time.
[deleted]
Your keys have traveled further than your car.
They all lost
I know. Like, what if they literally screamed and begged for mercy every time you used them?  Like your heart just made a kicked-puppy sound for your whole life, every time it beat...  Fuck.   And when you had to poo, your sphincter just like, whimpered. And whispered paths and insane mutterings.    I’m for one, glad that they contract silently.  Like, I’m really glad.  Considering the vast sea of alternatives.  
How High? 
For me, my anxiety creates fake news, but which my body perceives as real news and then turns it into *actual* real news.   Like oh fuck it would suck if Id pee myself in front of these people. Do I need to pee? Oh my god I need to pee! and then suddenly I need to pee like its the only thing I ever needed. And then my anxiety is even more like ooooh peeing would suck so much right now but I can bately hold it in and then I feel like Im about to burst and run to a toilet, where my brain would be like huh, false alarm I guess. 2 minutes later same shit again. I love it.
I always wonder if someone like like James Earl Jones hears his voice and is like, I sound like that?!?
Dont worry, it changes...*They get worse*.
Does that make me gay or mean Ive had sex???  I need to know 
Now Im kind of dissapointed it wasnt.
I think I would rather step in actual lava.  
Im going to remember this post for the rest of my life. 
Tell that to the kitchen sink when I was a kid.   And the toilet  And the empty containers with one bite/sip left in the fridge  And my ex girlfriends...
When people brokenly speak a second language they sound less intelligent but are actually more knowledgeable than most for being able to speak a second language at all.
Be great way to know who could read your thoughts
Nice lol
They came close with surface
Only when we have the control and know its not really dangerous. 
But organized crime is already printing the real textbooks.
Vampires are so confident because they couldnt see themselves in the mirror during their teenage years.
You should keep packing on the pounds and just reverse the order of the photos. Same thing as losing weight. 
Next adventure:  Stay married to my cheating wife and keep the kids happy, or leave her and make me happy. Oh boy adulting is fun!!!  Edit:  Wow. Thanks for all of the advice. I thought this was just a good example of the original post and how adult life sucks. I didn’t mean to dive into it like this.   By the way, I do still love my wife, but I am hurt that I found out she had been cheating on me and I don’t know if I will ever get over it.  Leaving her really would t make me happy at all in the short run.  I probably phrased it wrong and didn’t realize I would get this many comments.  Again, thanks for the advice, but these situations are very complicated and it takes a lot to process.   
If raisins are dried grapes, then beef jerky is just a meat raisin.
Its sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect & uselessness for no fault of its own.
And why it can be so awkward to bring together people from different parts of your life.
I’m a stay at home dad and part time school bus driver. I keep the house clean, do laundry, dishes, cook, mow the lawn, shovel and blow snow, maintain and repair the cars,  maintain and repair the entire house.  When people ask me what I do for a living, and I tell them I’m a stay at home dad and I drive a bus part time, I can see the loss of respect in their faces.
I’ve noticed this too. Fairly convinced it comes down to hormones. When older people supplement declining testosterone or estrogen some nasty effects like cancer can happen. I’m convinced those decline to avoid that and prolong our lives. By doing this people kind of default to this asexual human again. 
“They’re endearing.”- my wife
Youre not funny. 
More like loudest rules.
Also the lowest risk of forest fires.
Thats true
Cheshire west council called out on Twitter    https://imgur.com/gallery/WIMhS
If combat in Harry Potter is based on saying spells quickly and at the right time, rappers would basically be the magical Navy SEALs.
I think this is a terrible idea. Google already uses predictive and real time data to calculate your arrival time. People need to learn to leave early enough to arrive wherever they’re going. 
According to his profile on IMDb, hes got several projects in development. Taking some time off while hes still relatively young enough to enjoy it seems ok to me. He is 44 now after all, since today is his birthday.
I used to kind of do this when running pencil/paper role-playing campaigns.  Id have a general plan about what was going on behind the scenes, which usually had at least some overarching story or direction.  But Id listen *really carefully* to what the players were saying, as they tried to make sense of it.  Holy crap, are those two people working together?  How long has that guy been dead?  Is it possible he never even existed and was just a cover story?  What if they dont actually care about the jewels at all, and are really after something else entirely?  Etc.  Any time I heard something that was cooler than what I had planed (and didnt contradict anything that had been established) Id just quietly adjust my plans, and make their wild theory the new plan, and throw away my original plot.  It had two big advantages.  First, they often came up with theories that were cooler than what I had planned.  But second, (and probably more importantly) theyd feel REALLY COOL later when their weird ideas turned out to be real, and they felt like theyd called it.
i find my social anxiety goes away when drunk, super tired, sick, or when deep in thought about a topic that i enjoy talking about. might sound over the top but in those moments i feel a lightness and freedom that isnt there even when im alone in my room. anxiety is like a bloatware that runs in the background slowing everything down and occasionally crashing the whole system. 
Funny ‘cause tonight I felt like I had the best dream of my life and now just a couple hours passed and it seems not that big of a deal... probably forgot the best part ;(
Volcanoes are the Earth's acnes.
True friendship is when you un-floop your dogs ears, so they don’t have to shake their heads.
But if it becomes so big or small its called something else again.
Yup..aware of the surroundings, others paths we dont want to get in the way of, their feelings..etc
When i was younger, I trusted my parents driving skills without a doubt. As an adult, riding with my parents terrifies me.
We do actually. Despite the fact that you can never prove a negative we can determine from the shapes of their vocal chords (or whatever the dinosaur equivalent is) what sounds they would be capable of forming.
I still think it is that nobody ever thought to put wrist-straps on wands. Voldemort could have won if he had implemented a single piece of string.  EDIT: The amount of force needed to remove a wrist is enough to send an un-tethered wand through the sound barrier.
So are the voices in my head
Welcome to America
But Gobber has a Scottish accent...
How does waking up naturally make you feel cheated? 
well they would if someone said, hey you got a dick on your face
we are just monkeys with anxiety  edit: Wowza, thanks for gold! I owe this thought to Terrance McKenna.  For all those saying apes have anxiety too, we get it much worse. Essentially all our technological advances have come from an advantage in foresight (agriculture to not run out of food, etc.) which is basically anxiety.
And squirrels always eat nuts with two hands, always two hands, and occasionally, they stop and go GASP, as if theyre going, Did I leave the gas on? No! Im a fucking squirrel! And occasionally they go, Fucking nuts! Fed up with them always. I long for a grapefruit.
Next you’re gonna tell me GameStop doesn’t create games...
[removed]
Youtube is a bigger problem. I remember way back in the day when it first started out. It basically functioned like a reddit where people didnt abuse algorithms just yet and good content/creators were able to make it to the front page when a good video was produced. Now its absolutely only what is meant to be seen by advertisers and those with vested interest. I miss those days but I guess the mega super site that its become just couldnt pull something like the early days off in a realistic manner.
Breathing is low key cannabilism
[removed]
Conspiracy theories make dumb people feel smart.
Or you can just be poor and not afford to have regular Doctor appointments and hope for the best. 
Turning 18 would be a much bigger deal if it was impossible to lie about your age on the Internet.
Why cant they be both?
Im a mechanical engineer and I make it a point to do as little math in my head as possible no matter how simple it is.  Too much chance for stupid mistakes.
I cant interact with that because theres fire on it.
Somewhere, someone has John Wick’s living dog.
But this one will be so much better than the last one.
no, no. you misunderstand bro. i have 3 dogs, so i practically know what being a parent is like
Tortoise != Dog  Dog might get upset but I doubt so for a tortoise. 
Doing laundry is the only acceptable time to separate whites from colours.
If you pay to see the results of an online IQ test, then you failed the test.
That probably would have helped thin out some of the traffic on I-95 on Monday. Took almost 6 hours to drive 100 miles to leave South Carolina, which has the shittiest roads ever. 
Blink 182
At least as a “real” sugar daddy, you don’t have to pick up their poop. 
#SPOILER ALERT  . . . .  In the novel, there are three dogs. One is Victor, who is the dog of one of the survivors in the house. Two survivors, Tom and Jules, go out blindfolded and bring back two Siberian Huskies on their mission to wrangle up a few dogs for security.   Later, when Gary opens the curtains in the house in an attempt to get the survivors the look at the creatures, one of the Huskies is thrown against a wall during the madness and killed, and the other is presumed to have run away through an open door.   Afterwards, Malorie takes Victor as a seeing eye dog while searching a bar/nightclub in the neighborhood for audio equipment. While Victors leash is tied to a beam in the club, Malorie searches the bar while blindfolded. One of the creatures is inside and while blindfolded, she hears Victor see the creatures and go insane. Victor begins screaming and howling horribly and chews his own leg off in a mad fit of self-destruction. Malories instinct is to kill Victor but she apologies for bringing him and runs away, in shock from what shes heard and from the terrible realization that dogs are NOT immune to the effects of gazing at a creature.
Im constantly amazed at how effortlessly my shins can hold a hundred kilograms. Bones are tough.  Not that much muscle is involved in just standing though (I mean a lot of muscle is _involved_, but they dont work hard). But do a one leg squat, and you will understand your own weight a lot better.
If Google didn’t care about pissing people off, a good April Fools’ prank would be to make reCAPTCHAs go on forever and see how long people keep clicking the little squares
A parking ticket is a speeding ticket for going 0 mph where it isnt allowed
And when you lose one sock and decide to toss the other with the trash, the lost sock suddenly and magically reappears
Except all millennials (mid 80s to late 90s) are now adults. They mean Gen Z (which is a dumb placeholder name, good thing we started the letters with X so this shit is almost gone).
I’ve always wondered what that galaxy is like in the present.
Pinterest is like a virus that infected the google image search.
[removed]
indeed, you are typeface on  white back light and im a warm body on my couch typing sideways on my laptop watching Suits on netflix
hot tap water and cold tap water have different flavours
When you wear your sock inside out, the entire universe is wearing that sock but you.
Eh. Snape like most of the Slytherins probably would’ve just thought of Hagrid as an oaf to begin with, because his lifestyle and the fact that he is a half-breed. Stack on top of that Hagrid’s particular affinity to Harry (with Snape only ever seeing the same arrogance and entitlement in Harry as he did James, true or not), that would make another point of contention between them.   Snape liked seeing Harry suffer and went out of his way to see to that at times. I feel like if Snape and Hagrid were on better terms to begin with them he would be quite supportive of some of the shit Hagrid put the trio through. 
Rey is no. 4
[deleted]
Fulfilled. Just left you a nice comment on the drawing you submitted earlier but this shower thought blows.
Literally the movie In Time
Hospitals are the only place where getting to skip the line makes you feel bad
A cartoon sees a cartoon like live action
There are many girls out there will be perfect for me I dont know about.
What is better, to be born good, or to overcome your evil nature through great effort? Paarthurnax. I feel like this applies here. 
I would sell life insurance. 
Horse girls remember. They carry that burden for all of us.
Its not plagiarizing since you name the one who said/wrote this
Shitposts are the grafitti of the Internet. 
Thats a critical/core part of being the bigger man.
Where is my phone? I know Ill call it to find it...    ***Finds Phone***    Ooh, missed call
Not really, she always seemed happy when spanking the shit out of me.
Apple air  Google earth  Microsoft water  Amazon fire  Together we summon: **Captain Capitalism**  *Edit: oh..uhh..didnt expect gold.. Thanks a lot kind stranger!*
I want a bumper sticker that says this. 
As adults we apologize to our parents because we disappoint them.
You can recognize someone just from the way they sneeze.
All right, everybody break out your Punnett Squares.   
Found a sign announcing a get-together for psychics at a particular place and time. If they were really psychics, they would have already known where to go and when.
If you accidentally like your friends post on Instagram, unlike it, go to their most recent post and like it (if its already liked then unlike it then like it again). When they open the notification itll show that you liked their most recent post, which is not as creepy.  Happy stalking, folks. 
perfectly balanced. As all things should be. 
I hope he overcomes this challenge too. 
Explains all the white hair Africans and Indians have
Turn it down
For every lottery winner there are thousands of people who were one or two digits off
Hence why adults find it so annoying.
Clever theory, but... no.  Were anal probing you.
You made me remember that breaking bad scene with the undercover cop
It takes a brave man to go commando in a tan suit.
English class is like a conspiracy theory class because they will find meaning in absolutely anything
Bloddy
A week? Didya say a week? I think you said a week, but I am not sure. No, really, a week? 
I feel this.   For me, it’s more about not wanting to rinse the song as much - as there’s some that I listen to so frequently that the song almost sounds completely different to the first time I heard it. Kinda like it’s past its expiry date and no matter how many times I skip or listen it’ll never ever be a fresh as it once was. 
I thought penguins ran on Linux
Bing works just like Google based on the premise of democracy and search habits.  I would be willing to bet more people actually meant Google instead of goggles. Which is sad, as I am a Bing fan. And I haven’t paid for Xbox live in about 5 years. 
Just the powder shit in the packet, real soup is made with real food, not flavours
[deleted]
That’s because the future hasn’t happened yet. 
Theyre actually meant to bring a pike to a gunfight! Bayonets first developed as a way for slow-reloading gunpowder infantry to counter a cavalry charge. Stick a long, sharp blade on the end of a long wooden stick? Instant pike wall!
I am literally sitting here WAITING to graduate. It’s raining so now we are doing it inside ugh.  Edit: Officially graduated now, it worked out inside.
What about vinegar made from fallen fruit? No harm to living things and wont spoil.
My sisters are twins and they plan to marry a set of male twins and then get a TLC show called Cousin Brothers.
I just love it when task manager says not responding and I feel so doomed. Task manager should have its own task manager
A sneeze is basically a nose fart.
TIL Harry Potter was a chad.
If you run at 8:57am youre a late person.
Waffles are metaphorically the diamonds between all other pastries
In many homes, a water-softener is supplying water to all rooms but the kitchen. Soft water is salinated.
I really want to buy some chickens now
I️ bet people with one arm are amazing at spooning.
This is me whenever i feel desperate to pay rent/buy food and momentarily considering some crime.   Id be busted 45 seconds after.   So i dont do anything, i probably wouldnt even if i knew id get away with it, im even going to return a wallet with all money intact, because i know how devastating it would be for me to lose any money. 
Helping your parents with technology is sorta like when to your parents helped you win a school project. Nobody learns much, but the work gets done
Forced to use it at work. 
Smirnoff ice and mikes hard lemonade are the vapes of alcohol
>We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.  We have that, its called Earth Hour.  We also have the time beginning with the night of the 30th of April 2015, though in that case the lights were out for several years :(
In the toy story universe, a lot of people must have mysteriously died after buying horror movie merchandise.
Unless you pay for everything with your credit cards for those sweet, sweet rewards points and then pay it off each month with money youd already earned. 
Sometimes the best way to end the why cycle is to give an overly detailed scientific explanation and then leave the room while theyre still trying to puzzle out what the fuck you just said
Not so much during lunch, but dumping the tray and heading back...  I started with bad friends. And one indicator was that, as I was always the last to finish my food, and last to dump my tray, they always seemed to ditch me while heading back to our regular hangout area.  Then I started hanging out with a new group. I thought it was a little strange that when they finished their food, they hadnt left. When I finished mine, thats when everybody rose to dump our trays. They dumped theirs, but I got held up in the line (spilled something). When I got out, I fully expected them to be gone. Nope - they had all waited for me.  You guys are still here?  One of them shrugged like the answer was the most obvious thing ever, Sure. Of course, we were waiting for you.  I still tear up at that gesture. They actually waited. I never talked to the old friends again, and my standard of friendship went up that day.
Does masturbating on them count as the same?
Level : Hardcore
I hear a ringing, constantly...in both ears. Nothing is actually making any audible sound.
Unless you die less than 1 year old
Maybe because dogs were domesticated at least 6000 years before horses. They were almost certainly with humans before farming or many of the things we think of horses being useful for.  https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2009/03/which-animal-did-we-domesticate-first.html  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Origin_of_the_domestic_dog
What about last tomorrow
The mentality its only $5, why not buy it? has probably cost me over $5000 dollars in my lifetime
I d love to hear a conversation 
Nobody:  My dad: HUWAAAAACHOOOOO
Riaad Moosa is the South African David Attenborough.
Directly objectified even. 
Isnt that the premise of Pokemon too?
Have you ever been yawned rapidly? Do it all the time to the GF to assert dominance. 
Happy news!  A prototype of a new type of equipment just got deployed into the sea, off of Californias coast. If it succeeds, therell be put another 59 of them out there. 60 of them should clean 50% of the garbage off of West Americas coast every 5 years.
To give a somewhat serious reply to this, I think its because it was primarily European news  agencies involved in the investigation and not US ones, and they dont have the requirement to Gate every scandal.    Edit: I obviously didnt know the world impact that Gate had. I think it has long outlived its usefulness, however.
-40 already? Damn that isnt fun :( greetings from NL with our -1°c 
[removed]
This sounds like a lyric from Wednesday Night Interlude
What about endma
Lets do it like they do on the History channel: anal probes in the pyramids.
But is it intergalactic and underwater?
Ever since December 21st 2012 the world has never been the same. 
[removed]
I know a guy who collapsed at a metallica concert, and they swung by afterword to make sure he was okay. He was. Metal Mike, if youre out there, rock on brother.
Which brings to another question: Will fully autonomous vehicles have automatic honk? If so when would it honk?
This is why I just walk my car so slowly and carefully to its destination
False - its my good looks
Netflix should acquire the rights to produce new episodes
Once I found a captcha that said check all the squares with vehicles and there were no vehicles... I never got into that round of that game
r/shittyshowerthoughts
So your telling its SFW because its just other people working?
I use the receipt for the book I bought.
Your body is too strong and your mind is too weak
>Its entirely possible  You aint slick Joe Rogan 
And parents to critically drink.
Wow.
People talk about how he was angry in book 5 - I was talking to my therapist about anger the other day and she told me that if depressed people are angry, thats really really good because its an active emotion whereas depression is very inactive. Sure Voldermort had an impact on that and while its annoying to read about, its probably better than where he was before in many ways. Harry is constantly unhappy through the books and deals with the turmoil of being an outcast all his life. He does have his moments of rash behaviour but he always seemed very subdued to me. Hes reckless in his actions sure but hes quite a sombre individual usually. Even when he gets to hogwarts, it doesnt help that his fame excludes him from fitting in and integrating himself properly, Ron is shown to be constantly jealous of him because of his fame but Harry just wants to be normal. I always felt like harry was a little subdued in a lot of ways... he doesnt have many friends - Theres Ron, Hermione and later, youve arguably got Luna Lovegood, who was also considered an outcast and had some similarities to him, but who else? Neville? I always found Harry depressive, lonely and rather... blank, compared to the colourful characters around him, other than the reckless behaviour and outbursts.
How are we living in the past of something that has yet to happen?
I hate spending $0.99 on an iPhone app that will give me a lifetime of value, but I’ll spend $10 on a funnel cake, no questions asked.
Saw some dude in college run from the cops right when they were about to cuff him. He then dodged a taser shot and dove headfirst over a six foot fence and got away. Dude was absolutely hammered as well and was carrying a handle of liquor when he got stopped lol 
If playing music in reverse sounded good, we would have twice the music to listen to
Reminds me of an old youtube call prank where the guy would phone 2 sex lines and the would talk to eachother thinking they called one another
You mean like the body cams police wear?
Pulling “ The girl card” is basically gaslighting someone.
NPCs in video games telling you to enjoy the scenery are really just the developers telling you to appreciate the game they made.
I’ll try spinning, that’s a good trick!
Imagine the underwire of your ball bra breaking? Ouch. 
Quitting cable news is like quitting smoking. After a year without you see how disgusting it really is.
It looks like they do.  I googled giffgaff.  On page 10 it says: Page 10 of about 1,390,000 results (0.69 seconds)  https://www.google.com/search?q=giffgaff&oq=giffgaff&aqs=chrome..69i57.1214j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#q=giffgaff&start=85  But continuing on to page 18 it says: Page 18 of about 164 results (0.77 seconds)  https://www.google.com/search?q=giffgaff&oq=giffgaff&aqs=chrome..69i57.1214j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#q=giffgaff&start=165   .........  Edit links.
A reverse mortgage and my future rocking Pink Floyds Wish You Were Here...at the nursing home with me. You bastards never visit.
What about sleeping til 11 *and* taking a nap later?
We are lucky body hair, unlike the hair on our heads, stops growing at some point.
Thanks, I hate it.
That candy
But then you loose the appellation “jack” as you are a master. I mean no tradesman let’s you know that they were apprentice and journeyman at the same time as telling you they are a master.
The sundial has one moving part. The earth.
Try putting them under the hot water tap just before and your probably 3/4’s of the way there 
Telling my Echo to tell my Roomba to start working creates a weird robotic hierarchy in my household
[it’s been half an hour man](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/arbujx/comment/egm2wi5?st=JS7WD77W&sh=513ab1ec) 
That’s why the survival mode combat in fallout four was my favorite. It was fast and intense.
Brb registering company in rural Romania
Ive corrected a few folks thinking Coco is the kid in the movie rather than his great grand mother. The kid is Miguel.
Punishment for honesty is what makes us lie.
Dogs are easier to control than horses, so we let them mass produce. Also dogs breed in litters.
Theyre a lot fucking more than just that.
Or tried lighting their cigarette with a lightsaber after a night of drinking and zapped their face off.
Only of you continue to participate 
Once, when my friend and I were still teenagers, she was pulled over for speeding and turned into a parking lot right next to a pond. As the officer was talking to her on the driver’s side, I saw that five or six geese were slowly getting out of the pond and stalking toward him with their wings up, all menacing and shit. I leaned over and tried to point out what was happening, and he told me not to interrupt, at least until my friend’s eyes went wide as the geese surrounded him.   At that point, he noticed, one of the geese tried to bite him, the others were about to follow suit and he looked at my friend and said “promise not to speed again?” to which she replied “I pinky promise”, and he bolted back to his car.   Those geese got her out of a ticket, but damn. They’re mean fuckers. 
I started watching the Sopranos for the first time just this week and one of the characters said this. Christopher Moltisanti: That smell in Blockbuster, that candy and carpet smell, I get high off it. 
I thought garbage men worked just one day a week for much longer than I care to admit... 
Student doing part time job at Starbucks is then technically drug dealer
What about places that dont have roads?  I dont know, stick a camera on someones back and have them walk it. 
I wouldnt care at all, except many motorcyclists seem to try to be loud specifically when passing people on the sidewalk, and my sisters dog flips out at loud noises, almost to the point of being afraid of walking on the main roads.
Of course I know him. Hes me!
And she didnt know her beloved prince was secretly a necrophiliac.
Timmy Turner’s voice is something I can still remember so clearly.. and Cosmo and Wanda! 
Wathor
Pretty sure Ive been picturing Moes Tavern my entire life. Damn.
I hated steak as a kid and always wondered why everyone loves it.  Turns out my dad over cooked it to hell’s anus.
Apparently everyone in this post stopped reading after may cause damage.
huh, never thought about it that way 
I wish it was that easy. If anything, its the secret code to unlock the extended conversation tree with additional are you ok? are you busy? lines thrown in for padding.
not really when humans are as much a part of the earth as anything.  where do you think we came from?
Judging by how many times my pee hole has been licked I don’t think I have an attractive face 
Your own semen is treated similar to that of boogers. Quite satisfying to get out, but you probably shouldn’t do it in a public situation. You’d also have to be pretty weird to put that stuff in your own mouth
Never been depressing for me. I love doing shit by myself just as much as with friends
What if you really **really** like spreadsheets?
High school farewell. I was in the same one for 14 years 
Wow.. that would be some awesome matches. With politics, music, comedy, you have a lot to choose from. I use to watch them every time they aired. 
Who does math in shower?
Stop googling in the shower.
When you sink in quicksand, youre actually sinking very slowly.
Instead of saying they were adopted older brothers and sisters will instead tell their younger sibling they were refurbished. 
Well youre sure not supposed to talk about it!
#DeleteFacebook!
[removed]
*BEEP*  Based on the average human lifespan, your current diet, and your Dental hygene based on your reminders, You are estimated to die at 48.3 Years old.  
How you interpret the sound of crickets is very dependant on your mood 
The man was attacked by a bear and left for dead. I think we can let him take a couples years off ;)  No but seriously I think actors like to work in sprees then take a break. Ryan gosling sort of does the same thing. Think about drive and before the big short/blade runner.
r/dadjokes
You just gave my mind a blow job
I was an in betweener - no regrets
No, you just remember it more because it is more stressful situation.
haha yea right! im a jew! they just shove us under a tomb!
But Disney got The Rock to sing and rap. 
I just had this. I woke up knowing I had one of those sweeping epic dreams.   Now all I have left is I was outside and sometimes there were bricks. 
Yes, one tastes like burning.
Both are worthless    >am Canadian 
Being a villain was always his shtoyle
Now we need to explain Gwen Stacy
As kids we always wanted to sit up in the front seat because the back seat is for losers, as an adult if youre driven around in the backseat youre a winner.
[Good afternoon, fellow adult sir. One pornography, please.](http://i.imgur.com/ZxlSigq.jpg)
Okay Ross
And then the cycle repeats itself the next time something comes around 
For many people, their car is their best sound system
I used to work with a guy that was like 50. He had never heard “righty tighty, lefty loosey”   He said he had always just unscrewed/screwed things by trial and error  Blew my mind
Parents who say, If youre feeling well enough to play video games, youre feeling well enough to go to school! dont seem to realize they are equating an extremely low impact leisure activity with a high stress and difficult involuntary obligation.
adultsitters
When I was in grade school, I thought if I inhaled deeply  after I farted that I could inhale all the fart-scent and none of my neighboring classmates would be able to  smell it.   Turns out I just had polite classmates. 
What train of thought led someone to come to this utterly *stupid* conclusion?
Every fucking disgusting time
Like 90% of the comments I write and end up deleting
Not sure how much has changed, but when I was young, I was told that slapstick was the lowest form of comedy.
If we finally get a game where Zelda is the main character, the game will be titled The Legend of Link.
Yeah i know... Wait this isnt a fucking showerthought. its an observation.
r/outside
[deleted]
Squirrels always look and act like its their first day being a squirrel.
The weirdest thing for me is how theyre remaking The Lion King.  It doesnt even have any humans in it so what the fucks even the point?  Wont it just be completely CGI?
The Egg came before the Chicken.
“Goteem” has stood the test of time far better than its counterpart “Deeznuts”
So rockwiches
The first person to have invented audio recording probably thought it didnt work right when their voice sounded different in the recording.
I am diagnosed with clinical depression but it does not manifest as sadness. I suffer from episodes of pure apathy. I honestly dont remember the last time I was sad.
Clean as a whistle sounds sarcastic if you think about how dirty the inside of a whistle must be.
Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.
My former chef told me that when he was a kid, whenever his Mom barbecued outside, she would put about 6 sliced onions on the grill, and cook them really slow in the corner.  Then shed throw them all away.   He asked her, Why are you doing that?  She said, Because I hate the neighbors. And I want to make them hungry.  Thats Level 1000 Passive-Aggressive Mode.
Two terms... pffffft!
Lyrics of Simple Plans Jet Lag : You say Goodmorning when its Midnight is technically correct.
Electricity both stops and starts hearts
Eating a meal in bed is indicative of one of two things: luxury or laziness.
If Lord Farquad had picked Snow White, Shrek could have just gone home and gotten her body off his dining room table. End of story.
LEGO creates an infinite amount of products without making new products
There is always one set of clothes missing from your closet/ wardrobe
He’s currently shooting “Once Upon a Time in Hollywood” which will win some Oscars for sure, like all Tarantino movies do. Maybe he’ll get his 2nd?   
Trademarking a mixture of paint is trademarking a chemical compound
For a song entitled Piano Man it sure does have a lot of harmonica.
Where I come from second in command usually does most of the work, practically runs the place. The leader normally takes responsibility and communicates with third parties. 
TYPING IN FULL CAPS MAKES IT LOOK LIKE YOU’RE SCREAMING WHEN IT’S ACTUALLY A WAY TO GET PEOPLE’S ATTENTION TO DISTRACT YOU FROM THE FACT THAT YOU’RE lonely
This is r/showerthoughts not r/notinteresting
My favorite bumper sticker Ive seen was Honk if you dont exist
Hobbits are just part of the evolution timeline of human
A retail employee is expected to be polite to even the most dickish of customers while a police officer is just allowed to taze someone for not offering them complete respect
Flaky is just crispy but thinner.
Maybe it already happened, and this is purgatory. 
Actually public highways in the U.K. Do have design and maintenance standards, the councils are just shocking at keeping up with them it seems.
Opening the fridge increases the temperature inside the fridge. When you close the door the air cools and shrinks causing a vacuum. This then makes it harder to open the door again. Over time, due to slight leakage in the door seal, air leaks into the fridge causing the inside and outside air pressure to balance out. This then makes the door easier to open again.  Just my quick ELI5
I avoid looking at intentionally loud cars driving by because thats what they want me to do.
I have a Chihuahua. I can’t explain a single trait in him that might be due to evolution. 
H-hello, my name is Joe, Hello Joe, and Im addicted to caffeine. I need it every day. When I dont have it, I go into withdrawals and get very angry. Ive scrounged for pennys just to get a cup. Id probably murder for the last cup in the world. I am addicted.
But what if no one comments? Wait dammit.
This works for a map of the entire world as well
In my experience GPA correlates the most to scholarship money. That’s why people work so hard to have one, or to make their parents proud, or to fill a crippling hole in their soul. 
Yeah, if there is an infinite universe then there are infinite possibilities  I once argued with a religious studies teacher about this because he said that if a machine punched out an infinite number of universes was a theory, and it is He said that the perfect correct combo for our life is so minuscule that there is no way of it happening  But there is infinite possibilities  So every single possibility is explored  That’s the greatness of infinity  Every single combination is possible  Every single one  It’s crazy,  Like there could another planet called somewhere, called earth, where I’m right now, this moment banging Cheryl Cole and Rihanna with my two dicks, it’s unlikely  But in an infinite universe, by theory it’s a fact Because it’s infinite  Like, someone will say, not possible can’t happen, but if the universe if infinite, then it is happening 
figures that an op would be thinking about gay sex while in the shower
I like this. Makes you feel like the point you tried to make was no linger validated
Id like to take a moment to thank autocorrect for almost always knowing when I meant to hit space bar.  Id like to take another moment to hate it anyway for trying to kill all the made up words I use in reference to fiction, games, etc.
Now we just need the device that resumes dreams you want to give back into, we all know what you really want to go back to sleep for XD.
Fun fact: Dogs with poor eyesight can be prescribed [Doggles](https://cdn10.bigcommerce.com/s-5o6frrlm/products/39937/images/122788/doggles-sidecar-dog-goggles-brown-3596__37540.1502740686.1280.1280.jpg?c=2). Normally, Doggles are meant for eye protection from foreign bodies or harsh sunlight, but they can be used with corrective lenses as well.  &#x200B;  [Source](https://woof.doggles.com/)  &#x200B;  EDIT: Ive gotten a lot of replies asking what kind of testing is used to determine whether the dog needs a prescription or not. Im not very well-read on that bit of info, so Ill just link [this reply](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/ak4ga7/we_make_fun_of_clumsy_cats_and_dogs_but_some_of/ef27ckm) from u/I_AM_Achilles. Cheers! Also, its cool to see that you all are so interested in this. Keep on being awesome, folks.
Its because that first thing is an illusion.
No . The bread of a trencher was not designed to be eaten  just used like we would a plate . 
Or more likely either some finance company owned lot or just wont start/move at all.
When I was a kid I rode on a Ferris wheel with my brother at a local fair. As we were sitting there swaying in the wind at the very top my brother noticed that a big cotter pin was holding two parts of the ride together. He was older and a lot stronger, so he said, “Watch this!” and proceeded to grab the cotter pin and started yanking it as hard as he could. I nearly lost my shit and started screaming at him to stop. He took his hands off and said, “Just kidding!”  What an asshole.
Holding your breath to get rid of hiccups is like turning your lungs off and on again
r/thanksihateit
Mmm skin dust is the best spice.
Candles are just acoustic lamps
can’t lick the back of my neck
Can someone explain why this Rewind video is even a topic? I tried watching it, but I have no idea whats going on. 
Straight man here. When I take my bra off, you can bet your sweet titties its the high point of my day.
They are not factory workers. They are transdimensional explorers. Those doors are portals to the fourth dimension people!
Your dog is clearly smarter than you.  You provide him with food, shelter and entertainment for free and he doesnt even have a job. 
Considering the numbers, I’d say its likely you’ve touched a rock that no one ever has nor ever will touch.
“Boneless wings” is just a way to make adults feel better about ordering chicken nuggets.
I see youve watched the new Wreck it Ralph and are thinking about it in the shower..
Heres that ShowerThought translated from English, to three different languages, then back to English.  English > French > Dutch > Spanish > English  Penguins are just a stamp software that works with bird material.
Paul McCartney wrote yesterday when he was 22
And charging them to death.
The thought is coming from inside the thought!!! 
I dont open my fridge when I wanna jack off
And actors are just grown up theater nerds who never really believe they’re cool.   Except Tom Cruise, he’s never doubted his coolness real or not.
And drinking milk with a minty mouth is like drinking the Devils urine 
There is one way......   Edit: I was referring to getting frozen on new years, but I loved all your comments!
LPT- spray paint a phallus in the pothole. Lewd graffiti needs to be immediately remedied so they come and fill it within a matter of hours.
Meh. Dinosaurs survived on earth for about 165,000,000 years. Humans have been around what - 200,000 years or so? So like 1/825th as long. I think dinosaurs have already won this game...
The negative comments would come from the lovedones of the diceased or injured. 
Money is stored energy and time.
I am just waiting for the sequel
Someone’s therapist knows more about you than some of your friends
Urban Dictionary will probably be a useful tool for future historians so they can actually figure out what were saying.
I learned sex by watching Fast and the Furious
You dont realize how strong your legs are until you try to do a handstand
A lot of people, most people recognize that. Maybe you just need better friends. 
How little are we talking?
Its in the game, meaning, its already there and locked away. You have to pay more real money to unlock it.
Rental sleeping pods in the airport would be what I want.   I found the magic of getting a massage in the airport. They let you stay sleeping after they finish the massage and wake you up 20 mins before your flight.    Edit: Seems like sleeping pods/spaces do exist at airports but are expensive. 
Forests are same as grass for giants
At special occasions girls with curly hair straighten it and girls with straight hair curl it.
Choosing to not text first could be a sign of both superiority complex AND inferiority complex.
I also hate it when I come around a corner and some cop has spun a trap I run right into. 
The phrase has always felt like it flows really well. Maybe this is why
/r/technicallythetruth
Its very anticlimactic as it is. They need to do SOMETHING a little more exciting. 
I was experiencing this the other day at work.   She only allows her boyfriend to play Pokemon go only during the 1 hour she spends at the gym.  Its the only time he gets to spend with friends.    She cant sleep when hes not in bed so he has to be home and go to bed when she decides to go to bed.   He is not allowed to wear anything that smells like aftershave, cologne, specific soaps because she likes the smell of fresh laundry. She decides what laundry detergent they use, shampoo, deodorant, etc.   Now if this was the man and not the girl friend it would be a totally unacceptable situation for many people.
If you threw a rock into a river, you might be the last person to touch that rock until the end of time.
The CEO of Starbucks technically runs one of the worlds largest drug empires
Weird Al should do a Musk song thats a parody of Bowies Starman, called Car Man.
Its not even mad its just lightly salted
Delet this
He wont even need a revolving chair
Mirrors could be portals into other universes that we can see through
Or those stupid drawers that look like a few small one but are actually a big one
You mean Japan? Those poor people.
So do a lot of musicians 
Heat is an exchange of energy. There is still heat in cold weather. Its just flowing out of you.
A lot of people are going to be pissed when they find out their self-driving car wont go 60 in a 55.
If your own fart smells good to you, why doesnt your own shit taste good?
The best example of this is introducing co-workers to  friends. It can create an uncomfortable dynamic at times. The people at work know me one way and my friends know how quirky and weird I am. I had to find a comfortable medium ground where I was kind of weird all while being professional.
Thats like saying 2D animation is actually 3D because it moves forward through time.  I think its easier to think of it like this: **You can only count it as part of the number of dimensions if you are able to freely move around in it.** So if you were able to freely move backwards and forwards in time during a chess game it would be 4D chess.  Otherwise its just good old 3D chess.
Virginity is just the presence of fortnite.
A fork is just a 2D whisk
That is something old women say to men who are old enough to be married/in a serious relationship but are still single. It is their way of encouraging you to get that wick wet. Source: I asked my grandma why all her friends say Im handsome. She said its because they want me to have the confidence to find a nice girl. She has always been very honest with me lol. 
I was blessed with hairy nipples, so I dont have this problem when Im naked and in public
Flat earthers were introduced by the government to make conspiracy theorist look bad. 
If you havent yet, go see an ENT.  I had the same problem, turned out I had nasal polyps, which are benign tumors, and my sinuses were 98% full.  I had a fairly simple surgery and it changed my life.  Sadly they grew back, and Ive had surgery again, but now have a couple daily meds that keep things under control.
A VR game where you hide from an increasingly aware waldo. oh god.
I thought the antagonist in The Lion King was ripped apart by hyenas.
Is it even possible to create such a thing by accident?
You only realize you grew up poor when you stopped going at all those fun places when you were under the free admission age.
No actors or actresses were molested during the making of this film. 
The only thing fire drills actually teach people is how to sarcastically leave a building as a group.
An hourglass has more moving parts than a complicated wristwatch.
The internet has turned me into an absurdist. People have good and bad qualities about them, and the internet allows for them to show off their shit side without consequence. Its not so much that the world is insane; its just that humans are absurd.
Rural areas would still be fucked
Rockstar has really proven with their popular games GTA V and Red Dead Redemption 2 that we have never really outgrown playing cops and robbers or cowboys and Indians
Divorce attorney here. Curious why you would choose to go to Hell if immortality becomes a thing. 
Oof
You can watch him too if youre certain what will happen to you a few moments from now.  Edit: I just tried that. Me and my past were awkwardly looking at ourselves :\
Or someone starts reading a rule and you are like *I dont believe you. Give me that paper motherfucker*
Your shower thought is creating a dead horse war.
What a lovely thought, not going out tonight then?
We all just might be inside a higher dimension beings chewing gum bubble
What about assets? Like houses, properties, vehicles, other items? Those get factored into worth as well.
Growing tall has its ups and downs. I still remember the first time I shoved my hands in a running ceiling fan trying to take off a hoodie. And im not even crazy tall. 
People who stop you in public to try and sell you something are like real life pop up ads.
Sometimes a fridge REALLY closes, like more than other times, and you have to use 5x force to open it, like its trying to say ‘no Deborah, that’s enough cheese for tonight’, fuck you judgemental fridge.
When I was a kid I worshipped dinosaurs, I always wanted to be a dinosaur. I wanted to be a Tyrannosaurus Rex more than anything in the world. I made my arms short and I roamed the backyard, I chased the neighborhood cats, I growled and I roared. Everybody knew me and was afraid of me. And one day my dad said, Pablo, you are 17. Its time to throw childish things aside, and I said, Okay, Pop. But he didnt really say that, he said, Stop being a fucking dinosaur and get a job.
The only prisons where all the inmates are innocent...are zoos
More like a mountain with Gonorreha...🤔 
A bedroom. By that logic a bedroom isnt a place to study. Go study in the living.   Edit:  Reddit folk: AH-HA! Got you NOW, random commentor! BY THAT LOGIC, YOU SHOULD GO STUDY IN THE STUDY! OH! Got him gooood!  I wrote go study in the living as a non-sequiter to what I just typed out. I was trying to make a joke off the original OPs non-sequitur. And since it had to be explained, its not funny, it was never funny and it shall never be funny. Sad now.
Cages are designed to keep something from getting out, houses are designed to keep things from getting in  Edit: unless it’s a house in a horror movie those are usually all about keeping you in also 
Thats why I really really reeeeaalllly hope technology will get to a point where I can be a robot or download my brain onto like a super computer before I die.  I just want to keep seeing what will come next for the future.
A MRI is basically a deadly metal detector
Ahh I remember when I was your height
Wow. This.
Tried it.. It tasted terrible.. Mirror was reallly dirty 
I had these candles saved for a special occasion like this 
Letting your kid push the cart teaches him defensive driving at a young age
*Mind. Blown.*  Also, antivaxx bad.
A person who works 7 days a week, and person who is too lazy to work niether bother to know what day it is.
To be fair, its more like bringing a knife and a gun to a gun fight.
> You cannot fast travel when enemies are nearby.   *Looks all around and there are no enemies. Runs in random direction until fast travel is available or until runs into the enemy.*  Thats how I deal with anxiety most of the time.   
What if time traveling is like sleeping
My greatest creation!  A button that makes people relive the worst part of their day!
I’m 85% sure Genghis Khan’s dad’s dad has more
And butter, and tea, and turkey, and cheese, and bread, etc etc 
So, the plot of Super Mario Brothers the movie?
Netherlands is not the only country where prostitution is legalized, just so you know. 
Looks like it was mentioned, but water is really poor at conducting electricity. Its the metals within it that conduct the electricity. Theres a reason you have to/should use distilled water for liquid cooling PCs.
Your brain is the most important organ in your body, according to your brain.
happy cake day
Pessimism gets a bad rap. Not much wouldve gotten better if people werent pointing out flaws all the time.
Just get fatter, switch the pictures, and wait for the karma train. 
Thats how chuck norris does cookouts 
Fire isnt gas, its a form of energy.   Remember kids: gas has mass, energy...doesnt have mass.
I was cycling around a neighboring town at around 9pm in normal clothes, and the police literally pulled me over and questioned me asking if I had drugs on me, if I was currently on drugs, and what the hell I was doing riding around.  I was just killing time until my girlfriend got off work and could call me.  If I was wearing some cycling jersey they never would have bothered me 
Solids, liquids, and gasses    All 3 come out of our asses    They all take their toll, some go in a bowl    But some are released on the masses
You cant lose a homing pigeon.
Change it to Palinilap.
You will always pass your death day and never know it.
Cant wait until time travel is invented so people can start asking When are you?
I wish I could go to a previous save before I met some of my exes
EXACTLY every time I smell BBQ I get the urge to rip someone to shreds with my multiple rows of sharp teeth.
Sometimes I have the feeling that every Instagram baking videos is basically the same:   Crush cookie X and mix it with mashed candy bar Y, add cream cheese and freeze for 4 hours. Garnish with more of cookie X.   Plus points if it also involved Nutella and puff pastry. 
Telephone poles are slaves. Ripped from their land, stripped of their dignity and forced to do a job. 
is seriously no one mentioning that Prof Oak specifically gave the dexes to ash and gary so that they could collect data for him?
as an adult, i always forget that i can literally get in my car and buy a cake whenever i want and no one can stop me
This is why when a scientist publishes, they publish the data and the method; so someone else can try to prove them wrong. 
The other day, someone said, Newtons rolling over in his grave in response to a basic physics mistake. But if Newton heard someone suggest his corpse could move without an external force acting upon it, he would roll over in his grave.
Your salary is the bribe they give you to forget your dreams
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4r4ia3/what_conspiracy_theory_turned_out_to_be_true/
Its easier to judge a decision someone else has made than it is to make a decision yourself.
I actually ask because I’m truly interested in the different career fields out there. Expect me to follow up with a bunch of questions about your specific job responsibilities. 
More like leaving your business card next to a pile of cigarettes in their back yard. 
Whoever made the feature that tells you how long until the alarm goes off on your smartphone immediately after you set it deserves a medal
The massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months
**than**
Sadly doesnt work with all body malfunctions
Deadpool is the perfect replacement for Stan Lee as the go-to cameo guy once the latter passes away.
Owning a pet would be ten times cuter if we could make them laugh.
Conversely, my toilet time has trippled. 
Jesus christ that hit me hard this morning.  Edit: what happened to these comments 
I always wanted to meet KISS when I was younger...now Id just prefer to stay healthy. Amazing how priorities change.
Sometimes thats way too literal, like in Brazil where police and criminal group corruption can sometimes overlap with eachother
I like it. My only question is how to become part of the control group.
Real heroes refill toilet paper in the cabinet when they put the last roll on the holder
It almost like water evaporates. But we all know that makes no sense
Nothing is on fire. Fire is on things.
But we’ll never know when
Person A: (excitedly) Look, up in the sky!  Person B: (in a derisive tone) Its a bird.  Person C: (also in derisive tone) Its a plane  Person D: (Excitedly) Its Superman!
Hey at least you saw your favorite band  
This is the Mass Effect’s game story.
Im betting its in a pub in London.
Recently at an event.  My group had someone in it just print, laminate and get a lanyard and made our VIP passes.  It looked legit enough.  No one questioned it when we tried to get places we wanted to be.  Cut a line?  Yup, go ahead!  Private show?  Enjoy!  And we fucking made it ourselves!
Too many people project the future of having less freedom not more. 
If the map is 1:1 scale, you can make it so every point on the map is touching the actual point it refers to.
Ive never put my hands in a fanny pack to warm them up
Orwell believed that we would self-police each other, turning our children against us. I think thats a way scarier prospect. Big Brother is in our homes - in everyone around us. 
r/dadjokes
Essentially what happened in that movie with Matt daemon 
Dont forget, second mouse gets the cheese
I know what you mean, i tell them stuff costs money, then say go get some more from the ATM. Wish it was as simple as they think it is.
Locks just turn doors into a wall.
PROTIP: used 200 bucks in krylon on dirt.  Was shit  Blue can works  No idea why.  Blue marking paint goes quick but is worth the price
If you put a ton of cologne/perfume on yourself, you are just screaming to everyone that you stink.
The trick is to act in a really creepy way at all times, that way when you stare at her shirt that particular behavior wont stand out as being odd.
its almost like it makes sense as a unit of measurement.
February 29th ppl completely marginalized AGAIN!
I dont like watching my videos back because of the way I sound..My voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard.
The Academy has given Leo an Oscar! Leo is freeeeeeeeeeeee!
How so?
Train of thought has stopped working.
Are they still hard or have they gone flaccid? This makes a difference in the numbers...
Unless youre an old lady... Taking off your bra, they literally might be the low point of your day 
What buttholes have you seen?
Unless you deal in propane, or propane accessories.
but there are 4 states of matter... and I DO NOT want to find out about plasma coming out of someones butt
We learn to read, then read to learn.
The death of Oppy could be a social experiment to see if humans can form emotional connections with AI
USPS could make more money if they put post offices in airports so instead of throwing something out that you forgot was in your bag you could mail it home.
Sometimes he’s too dumb to realize that for some inexplicable reason every girl in the school is in love with him even though he’s a shy, awkward loser. 
[https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/ar5v0s/what\_does\_the\_parrot\_say/](https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/ar5v0s/what_does_the_parrot_say/)
There may be a few more steps to the process.
We were skeleton costumes on Halloween while skeletons wear human costumes for the rest of the year.
It gets really crazy when you start learning and applying the GIS tools that are at work behind the scenes creating maps like Google Maps. There is an immense amount of data and things that can be visualized in a map and it gets more accurate ever day. Truly remarkable. 
Thats weird since I cough when I q-tip my ears.
How is this a shower thought
The past is expecting us to make a timemachine while the present is expecting it from the future
More like the data used to stream it shouldnt count
Bless
Whole foods babies
A fart smells worse when youre naked because theres no clothes to filter it.
Luckily for him, reincarnation is banned in China
Xbox Kinect is basically reverse VR. In Kinect you do the actions but you aren’t in the world, but in VR you are in the world but don’t act out everything
Talking ts the same amount of easiness said and done
I’m assuming you mean the wonders of the ancient world, since you didn’t specify.   If 10 houses are built and 9 are destroyed, the 1 that stays is 1 of the 10 that were built, it’s not like after they’re destroyed they no longer count as a wonder, the ruins of most of the wonders remain and they still exist in ancient text describing their significance and construction. 
The iPhone X is more expensive than 2 humans in Libya
The fact that a woman can look you in the face and give you an obviously fake number and walk off like it's real is terrifying
I know. Why not just eat with a whisk. 
The tie should be the same length as the penis! 
Fire is just electrons hot enough to radiate an electromagnetic wave of the correct wavelength for us to see it
Already a thing
I dont think it is an exact time scale, Im pretty sure it is just *around* 2 weeks
If I was attractive enough to get paid just to be attractive, *fuck yeah* I would do it. Thats just good business. I dont dislike them any more than any other insipid celebrity, but I am envious of them.
Which is about how much weve all seen of [OPs mom](http://i.imgur.com/49N2k4k.gif).
But... he doesn’t. He has a Scottish accent. 
How different do you look after a shower? 
All true but: Id say, that honey isnt underrated at all. Its definitely more talked about than noodles for example and has more movies, articles and general coverage. Source: I love honey. 
Am I not the sum of all that of which I am composed? Am I not, at the same time, inside and outside of my own body? 
Goddammit...
Now get out of my swamp
No.  Someones therapists knows more about that person than some of their friends do. And your therapist knows more about you than some of your friends do.  But someones therapist probably doest anything about me unless they happen to be my therapist as well....  But the odds of that are miniscule. 
It would be a “Beet” down. 
“The first person to drink cow’s milk was very, very thirsty” -Fact Sphere
Isnt that just the main objective of life in general, though? 
If you cut a random line in a ball of yarn, you create two balls of yarn joined together
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me. 
All the ancient stories of good vs evil are just personification of inner thoughts
Even though I knew you were talking about child Anakin I still imagined Vader but the just the size of a child with the same voice as normal yell yipppee 
Despite not being a liquid, phones are also good till the last drop.
That mean the genie can now ask for one wish.
[deleted]
I cant wait until they add a time slider to watch development of an area over time.
>“They never burned witches,” said Granny. “Probably they burned some old ladies who spoke up or couldn’t run away. I wouldn’t look for witches bein’ burned,” she added, shifting position. “I might look for witches doin’ the burning, though. We ain’t all nice.”  - Granny Weatherwax, Carpe Jugulum by Terry Pratchett
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough
I used to hate my old job, then I switched careers and now I realise my old job was a dream job compared to what I do now.
Good morning.  Good m... dude! Rob, you look terrible!  Yeah, I took my girlfriend on a date last night.  ... What, did you go to a fight club?  The proper term is S-and-M dungeon, but no. We went to the duck pond.  What happened?!  Well, we get there, and I see this swan. You know, a big, elegant waterfowl with white feathers.  I know what a swan is, Rob.  Right. So, I move a bit closer to admire it, and suddenly, Im being attacked!  Attacked?  Like you wouldnt believe! I mean, there was screeching, there was biting, I got kicked in the face a few times...  Jeez. I knew they were aggressive, but still. You got mauled by a swan?  Huh? No, I was talking about my girlfriend.  ...  She gets jealous when I look at birds.
TIL my little Honda means Im rich
It has to be born billionaires.. Not new rich tech billionaires.. 
This is a quality shower thought
Depends on how you interpret move. And who the implied subject is. 
And you could get the right spot easly
Oof
True
I’m a kid of the late 70s/early 80s...my Atari didn’t have a way to pause games either. 
actually made me laugh a little
Unless you live in maine. State law prohibits gift cards from expiring. However after a few years of inactivity, the card is considered dormant and the state can claim 60% off its value.    [source](https://legislature.maine.gov/statutes/33/title33sec1953.html) 
Hopefully hell inspire a lot of kids to dream big. This kind of exposure almost guarantees that somebody out there just learned of this great man for the first time 
*[citation needed]*
If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in your native language, you dont speak the language very well. If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in a second language, you speak the language excellently.
I cant see anything with my eyes closed
Just stare at people like “Say something, I dare you”
Well so is Hollywood 
Ninjas didnt wear masks, they disguised themselves as civillians.
Reminds me of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77Y6CIyyBcI) great conversation in Mad Men:   - Draper: Its your job! I give you money, you give me ideas.    - Peggy: But you never say thank you!   - Draper: Thats what the money is for!   
They werent entirely wrong but I dont think fish breathe.
Nothing is more heart breaking than having to let go of someone you love because they are not the person you wanted to believe they are.
If I get up 10 minutes earlier than usual, I treat it like 2 extra hours and end up late for work.
Yawns arent generational..
How much does a 1 Oldton weight ? 
People still think Marxist socialism will work, it just hasnt ever been done right.
What makes you so sure that the one on the other side is the reflection? Perhaps you just copy everything that they do, and they have free will and you only think you do...
I choose to see it as climbing the ranks, one day you might make it to the top, winning at life is what that is
I work as a checker at a grocery store. I get all sorts of smells coming from your mouths (is that spelled right?). The worst is when someone lets out a long sigh directly towards me. Thank you, now excuse me while I slather Purell all over my face.
[Like this?](https://preview.redd.it/fdp8idw6kki01.jpg?width=591&auto=webp&s=72d22af4ce757840853f7bfc15d5e142c65d399d)
He completed the game, now he hunts bugs. 
That would cost dealerships money, we cant have that now, can we?   Also let me tell you about how forcing manufacturers to sell through dealerships is *totally* about protecting consumers.
Andy crawled through 300 yards of maple smelling sweetness the likes of which I cant imagine, or maybe I just dont want to....
You know it’s funny to always say it’s a terrible experience but as someone who worked in restaurants, there really wasn’t anything better than seeing a senior or a little kid getting happy birthday sung to them.   When we had to go sing a song and we saw someone really happy about it, we got happy and did a little bit extra.   I remember singing happy birthday for this elderly woman and she looked so happy. She was so happy that someone took her out for her birthday and that they had people sing happy birthday for her.   So no, it’s not always a negative experience for the serving staff and the guests 
i thought it was well known the shots are repeated attempts, hence why they celebrate when it actually works
And the fancy ones also have Backgammon board on flip side so you are spot on!
I hate this so much
Two formulas: strange people in normal situations or normal people in strange situations.
Probably around the same time he realized he had no discernable genetalia and was blessed with fur to protect him from the elements
Until you realize GOTEEEM only started in the past 4-5 years, and DEEZ NUTZ was started in 1991-1992 by Snoop Dogg. 
There's just something about a competitive opponent which makes you more competitive, only for that competitiveness to make you lose.
If the pollution of oceans and overfishing continue, they’ll have to update ”there’s plenty of fish in the sea” to ”there are still some fish left among the trash”, which is also far more accurate dating-wise.
Michael Gira named his band Swans bc theyre beautiful creatures w/ an ugly temperament, or something like that.
Are you calling my thots fat?
I dont know. Granted there are several things i wished theyd taught me. But the reading, writing, speaking, and math that I do every single day have generally proven to be pretty useful. And the history, literature, sciences, home ed, and other classes have generally made me a somewhat well rounded individual capable of functioning in society.
This stinks. 
25 years from now, youre going to have to go to a wedding for a couple of kids named Kylo and Khaleesi.
It’s possible for your clothes to come out of the washing machine perfectly folded
So Reddit would remain unchanged
TIL Phineas and Ferb was an anime.
And ensure that you are only seen by crazy aliens in poor lighting with poor quality cameras
When you consider a pile of shit “your accomplishment” you may want to reconsider your life.
Two points:  * Old people are still (at least sometimes) the wisest of society. As I get older, I slowly but consistently see that certain types of understanding only come with time and experience.  * On the other hand, until about 100 years ago, society and technology changed much more slowly. Grandpa could give you good advice because you were facing more or less the exact same problems in the exact same contexts as he did 50 years earlier. Thats not as true today.
Thats some deep reflection
“Oh, this smile that I have on my face is a geological smile - a smile of one who knows, looks at something, sees and understands. This very ravine is an open book to me, a page of Earth’s history on which I read a thousand fantastic things.”  -Monteiro Lobato  1937  (Am geologist. This is my favorite saying because it sums it right up) 
This happened to my best friend at the time. She found my brother on tinder after they broke up. She was upset but like... She was on tinder too so... 
Fun fact when Toy Story was being created Andrew Stanton specifically wanted no singing while a person from Disney insisted the movie would be better with a happy village song and a Im villain song. Luckily Stanton didnt cave and they made a good movie without relying singing tropes. 
I’m 39 and I still love the ice cream truck.
I bought a dvd about a year ago, cant remember why or for what. But upon starting the thing, right before you got to the menu, they played a short ad that was the opposite. A thank you message for buying it of sorts
Singapores Changi airport has a [cinema](http://www.changiairport.com/en/airport-experience/attractions-and-services/entertainment-deck.html) besides xbox and playstation stations. Other amenities include a pool with jacuzzi and  a butterfly garden.  edit: fixed link, sorry Im still learning
Don’t forget about chargers the keep the plates off the place mats. 
I always think about this when talking to someone. 
The nipples are the boobs of the boobs
Im not so sure, I honestly played for a whole day on 4G and racked up around 20MB.
Eating lunch alone as a kid is like torture, getting to eat lunch alone as an adult is a nice treat.
Props to the first person to eat a crab. Basically eating a giant spider.
Ninja turtles are so hardcore ninja that the mask is their true identity.
User report: Fuck off with this gay shit  Looks like someone hasnt had their morning coffee.
You may be the richest guy to comment on this post and not even know it unless you are Jeff Bezos
Good story, do you think your wife will buy it?
Inside every 85 year old man is an 18 year old saying what the fuck just happened.
Someone has your dream job and hates going to work every day.
I don’t personally know 100 people lol
but the strippers hate it when you throw dead anchovies at them
conversely, Rocket Man has barely any rocket
A true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group.
Ive heard that sex is actually really difficult in space because the lack of gravity makes it hard to get a hard on.  Or so Ive heard.
When you get out of school at 3, it felt very late. When you get off work at 3, it feels like you got half your day back.
Thank you.. Now I have a new fear. 
The biggest cause of cancer in mice is research.
People do not give enough recognition to the inventor of the modern toilet
The quick fix to this is immediately get on your phone and post on Reddit
Change it to history repeats itself but time does not. 
Technically not infinite but astronomically high
This showerthought is hella fuck!
Spiders living in a blind persons home have really hit the lottery.
When Im in the middle of a crushing bout of depression it brings me no comfort hearing that there are other people going through the same thing. 
I feel like an artist could make a really good picture out of this thought 
It’s interesting to see how often he expresses child-like opinions on human culture in the movies.    Edit:word
It was midnight one day and I realized I could make all the bacon I wanted.  And I did.
I remembered reading a koan about that. Here goes: >Surprising the Master   >The students in the monastery were in total awe of the elder monk, not because he was strict, but because nothing ever seemed to upset or ruffle him. So they found him a bit unearthly and even frightening. One day they decided to put him to a test. A bunch of them very quietly hid in a dark corner of one of the hallways, and waited for the monk to walk by. Within moments, the old man appeared, carrying a cup of hot tea. Just as he passed by, the students all rushed out at him screaming as loud as they could. But the monk showed no reaction whatsoever. He peacefully made his way to a small table at the end of the hall, gently placed the cup down, and then, leaning against the wall, cried out with shock, Ohhhhh!
There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.
The new credit card chip readers should play a pleasant sound to notify that your card is approved. The harsh buzzing noise they make gives me a mini panic attack every time thinking my card was declined.
Yea.... How many tomatoes can I put you down for at $2000-$4000 per pound? 
Society has changed so fast that knowledge tends to become obsolete pretty quickly. Id still listen to older people about general life advice, though. Aging tends to give you some perspective about what matters/what doesnt.
If Anakin knew that, hed slightly dislike Coruscant, assuming the process is the same.
No he really looks nothing like him . SMH . 
Im supposed to get out of worm by 330, but because its construction, most of the time its 10hr days. Waking up at 5, and getting home by 630, or 7 sucks. Nothing is open if I need to make calls or do anything adults need to do. Plus Im tired as shit when I get home. If I got out at 3 o clock one day...i would be so freaking happy. I might even be able to sneak in a nap before my wife gets home.  Edit: sorry, my phone is dumb, and my thumbs are clumsy. So yeah, worm=work lol. But I appreciate all the fun comments about worms being hard to handle!
The anxiety to wait for a perfect corner hit was real 
That aint workin...thats the way ya do it  You get pregnant at 16 on the MTV
If Facebook taught me anything, its that people I went to high school with didnt use either
I work for a large retail pharmacy chain and ours is a pleasant chime, while we also have the more negative beeping when the card is declined 
We also may be in a computer simulation, a high school science far project, or just a normal world that isn’t somehow covered by something else. It is an interesting thought experiment, but there is nothing behind it, at all. 
Trying to quit drinking is hard because you see everyone else enjoying themselves, ads for booze everywhere, and media that shows a stressed out person reaching for a glass or bottle. Anyway, Im 3.5 weeks sober 🎉🎊
Basically just repeating the incrediblely well-known idiom, Walk before one can run with differenting specifics. 
He did great work outside of the show and the internet loved him for it. 
Jokes on you, I wont be able to afford a funeral. 
Why experience when you can be?
As I remember it, the problem in college is the hours they sleep. So we stayed up til 4 but we also slept until noon. Those hours made real worlders think we were always sleeping while we complained about not getting enough sleep.   College is great. Embrace it. 
In The Netherlands we can indicate on our mailboxes (using a specially designed sticker, obtainable for free) whether or not we would like to receive this type of mail.  Its great not to have to deal with that useless junk anymore.
My life is a lie. 
The three most beautiful words in the English language: “Out for delivery”
There’s no better feeling than waking up to go to school but then realizing it’s Saturday.
If Batman is canonically about 32 then he was born in 1986. And if his parents were killed leaving a movie theatre when he was 10 years old, then there is a real possibility that they were seeing Space Jam
If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldnt even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
[deleted]
Tinder is the opposite of porn site advertisements. There actually are a ton of hot singles in my area, but none of them are interested in me.
As a crab, if you’re small you get eaten by a natural predator. if you’re big you get eaten by a human
David Attenborough is the British version of Morgan Freeman
You can play the game of chess and the game of checkers on the same board - which makes the chessboard the first-ever gaming platform.
This implies that cats know the difference between now and later.   That’s horrifying. 
And he rotates so he stays warm on all sides. Just gets cold feet and head.  Edit: and hes just drunk enough to be on a bit of a tilt.
Fireplaces are crematoriums for trees.
Reposting in Reddit is the real life equivalent of cheat codes.
I mean, as a dude in a long term relationship with someone who would probably hate it, I still wish i could grow a magnificent beard.  Edit: to be clear, by I wish I could grow a magnificent beard i mean that my face has all the hair-growing abilities of a peach, not that my gf is holding me back from it  Edit 2: to people saying try, just go a week or two without shaving, I **basically already dont shave**. I shave about every 6-8 weeks, when I get tired of looking like [this](https://m.imgur.com/riPNgw4)
Because the poor people around you are in the same context as you, yet youre not really suffering. Its hard imagining that the system is still oppressive or unjust when youre flourishing in it. 
If you are looking at 6 foot tall person you're basically watching how deep in soil you'll be after you are deceased
I agree, had a guy go through the Drive-thru in reverse once and I didnt even look twice. Told him people do it all the time just so he wouldnt think he was original. I had actually never seen it, just didnt want him to know.
And then you die.
Your mom always liked it in her mouth 🙃
[deleted]
If you take care of chickens, you are literally a chicken tender.
[hat](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/25431893/ns/us_news-life/t/teen-decapitated-six-flags-over-georgia/) 
Same
We LiVe iN A sOciEty
Agreed.  I dont begrudge athletes or movie stars their celebrity... I just wish there were more people famous for their intellect and ideas. 
I can understand about having millions of dollars. Theres meaningful freedom that comes with that, but once you get much beyond that I have to tell you, its the same hamburger. Dicks has not raised their prices enough.”  —Bill Gates  Yes, yes, a local hamburger chain in Seattle is called Dick’s.  It’s an institution, as are the dick jokes, so have at it.
Getting stoned in the shower is always a good time. 
And does anyone else drive slightly to one side so that the driver behind you can see that youre not the slow one? 
Or its like hitting Run while walking in the tall grass only to have it attack you right when you take the next step.
I guess i’ve made it after all
Edit 4: I was originally diagnosed with having migraines when I was 7 and they became chronic when I was about 26.  I have been seen by 4 different Neurologists and 5 different doctors who all diagnosed me with intractable migraines.  I see a neurologist once every 3 months/ I started out with migraine without pain (diagnosed much later), then migraine with aura, common migraines in addition to common, and finally complex migraine.  The last diagnosis was because of a change in symptoms which mimic a stroke (what the doctors thought I had at the time).  With Botox it relieved me of most of the migraines with aura, but I still had the common migraines.  With Aimovig it has virtually eliminated my migraines in the morning (2 in 4 months vs every day) and reduced the pain of the ones I have left, mostly in the afternoon. (for all of those who think I do not have a migraine, the neurologists disagree with your expert Internet opnion)  _________________  I play video games when I have a migraine and a lot of people cant comprehend it. It helps me focus on something other than the pain  ____  Edit: there are some people who are saying I do not have a migraine of I can do this or they have to lay down in a dark room.   Not everyone handles pain the same nor do they have the same migraine. Some have multiple types of migraines and symptoms.  As for me I have has migraines for 43 years and they have been chronic for 25ish. Multiple neurologists and doctors have diagnosed it as intractable migraines. I need to work to support two families, so I rarely have the luxury of shutting down for a few hours. I have to work through it. Once you get enough practice doing it, it becomes easier. The pain still sucks and your capacity is diminished, but you can still function and when you are not in pain function at a higher level than others     ____  Edit 2: The thread below has just reconfirmed my opinion of who the worst people are when you have a migraine. Its the people that assume everyone has the same migraine as they do and handles pain the same way they do.   If you can play a video game, then you dont have a migraine    Well if you are in so much pain you can take something and sleep it off, you dont have a  migraine based on my experience. Except I realize not everyone has the same type of migraine or reacts the same way.  ____ Edit 3: And it continues with the ignorant or narcissistic ones who cannot believe not everyone experiences pain as they do or can have a different type of migraine.  Let me be clear about this so some of the thicker skulled ones among us can understand. NOT EVERYONE EXPERIENCES MIGRAINES AS YOU DO.  There are many symptoms of a migraine and guess what?  One of them is light sensitivity and not everyone gets that side effect all the time.  You are dismissing peoples migraines as diagnosed by neurologists as not a migraine.  Clearly, you are ignorant and need further education.
Had humans evolved so we lived under water instead of on land, we would probably send up helicopters/cars filled with water, like some sort of reverse submarine, above the ocean in order to explore
Id like to think that every time I die, thats a parallel universe where the bad guys win. That makes my deaths from accidentally falling off a cliff that much more hilarious. 
Ignoring a problem is just like letting it level up before facing you.
quality shower thought
Also supersonic sound waves, magic, and mind control among other things depending on the storyline.
If you believe knocking on wood can solve your issues then you can believe anything is wood.
Polyjuice is perfect for perverts.. Imagine how easy it is to see someone naked when you can just become them.
100% true. My cat walks around like hes a Wells Fargo executive. 
Maybe he is a psycho mad king type and the queen is doing everyone a favor
To your stomach, all potatoes are mashed potatoes.
A really underrated accomplishment is that toilets dont require power to flush
Shrek: For your information, theres a lot more to ogres than people think.  Donkey: Example?  Shrek: Example... uh... ogres are like onions!  [holds up an onion, which Donkey sniffs]  Donkey: They stink?  Shrek: Yes... No!  Donkey: Oh, they make you cry?  Shrek: No!  Donkey: Oh, you leave em out in the sun, they get all brown, start sproutin little white hairs...  Shrek: [peels an onion] NO! Layers. Onions have layers. Ogres have layers... You get it? We both have layers.  [walks off]  Donkey: Oh, you both have LAYERS. Oh. You know, not everybody like onions. CAKE! Everybody loves cake! Cakes have layers!  Shrek: I dont care what everyone likes! Ogres are not like cakes.  Donkey: You know what ELSE everybody likes? Parfaits! Have you ever met a person, you say, Lets get some parfait, they say, Hell no, I dont like no parfait.? Parfaits are delicious!  Shrek: NO! You dense, irritating, miniature beast of burden! Ogres are like onions! End of story! Bye-bye! See ya later.  Donkey: Parfaits may be the most delicious thing on the whole damn planet!
Organic mechanic
Some thing will stay the same, still laugh at people falling over, men boasting about penis size and your mum jokes. 
This already exists at grocery stores. It’s a giant bag of resealable cereal. 
To be fair, he did complete one of the metrics his job performance is measured by: He provided at least one legitimate Heir. 
Water: its pretty warm  Humans: its boiling out here!  Atoms:   # AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Seems to me more kids want to be youtubers than truck drivers or firemen anymore.
Didnt someone mod DOOM so that it would kill a process for every demon you killed until your computer crashed?   Edit: Its called psDoom, 
Based on what do you asume planets talk?
Someone asked for a special font for sarcastic comments BuT tHeY DiD noT kNOw wE AlReaDy hAd 0Ne!
[deleted]
[deleted]
A goose went after my 6 year old son one time and I ran up and kicked it. Then it turned on me....    Should have let it take the kid. 
But can a caveman save 15% or more on car insurance?
1. You have garbage bag commercials? 2. Your garbage bags have strings?! 
But I am the testicles. Brain is just my chief butler. Therefore, I am neither inside nor outside the skeleton. 
People who have their favorite color as white couldn’t decide on what color they liked the most so they just went with all of them.
History is a subject that will get harder and harder over time
The first gulp of a liquid is always loud, while the next ones are silent.
This sounds like a line stolen from a Dane Cook movie
So then Newton would roll over in his grave *again* because his rolling over made no sense from a physics perspective. Hed do this ad infinitum!  Pack it up boys, we just discovered a source of infinite energy!  And for bonus points, hed roll over even more in his grave because we broke the laws of thermodynamics, so wed have even more energy!  **Mandatory Gold/Explosion Edit:** Nikola Tesla is also probably rolling over in his grave at this idea, but rather out of sheer joy. Lets go hook him up to the power grid too!
But we say half a mile
We are capable of using a blender to mush just about anything up though. You can live a full healthy life with no teeth. And the only way another animal could do that, is if humans blended their food for them.
If shame were actually an effective motivator, no one would ever get fat or commit what they consider to be a sin.
In fact, jf you swallow a can of corn whole, it may never come out the other side!
This took me an extra moment to grasp. Great shower thought.
*person across the street laughs to their phone*: theyre totally laughing at me. I knew I shouldnt have bought this outfit. I wanna go home and burn it.
So all trees are family now?
V8 is a tomato smoothie. Smoothies usually dont have vinegar and salt.  Ketchup is a Tomato sauce.  Nice try though.
Going by that basis, not many people alive ever witnessed significant events around the world (the holocaust comes to mind) and we have to rely on witness statements from people who claim they were there. So what does that mean?  I don’t get why people hate on veggies or vegans so much. Yes, there are extremes (PETA for one) but aren’t there extremes in all walks of life? And no, I’m not some activist who hates on everybody for eating meat (I ate meat for 28 years so I know how hypocritical that would be), I have changed my diet for my own personal love for animals.   
Lean down and pick up a penny, what am I at work?
Phones always gets lost when theyre silent mode
The movement on Mars just became half when oppertunity stopped working.
If pigs could fly their wings would probably taste really good
id even say Luck is just a lack of perception or control. 
How much is an F in an IQ test?
Sometimes I feel like this as a parent...
Earth is a planet that tells other planets if they are planets or not.
Anyone remember a science fiction story about this? I read it back in the 80’s. I feel like it was made into a movie but I may just have visualized the story well. First space traveler to a distant star (Proxima Centauri I think) travels by long periods of suspended animation / cryosleep / hyper sleep or some similar technology. During one waking point he sees a immobilized space ship of some sort burning near him. Various odd observations during waking moments. When he arrives, he is met by a whole civilization of people who have been waiting for his arrival — descendants of Earth who colonized the world. He then has to struggle with not being a “space pioneer” so much as a “historical curiosity.” I remember loving the story but I don’t recall the title or author.   Edit: Oh, forgot to mention the ship he saw while traveling was a transport ship that burned up while traveling past him so people could snap photos, etc.   EDIT: Several people have identified the story I was thinking of as “Far Centauri” by A. E. van Vogt first published in 1944. Thank you! Please see their posts and upvote them. And you can find the text of the story linked in their comments. It’s a fast read and worth a read. I had forgotten the ending. 
Thats cute. But my dog doesnt give two shits about anything else other than where the next morsel to chomp is. Never in a million years will she make me feel like Im her life. More like her servant, and thats shits getting old so damn fast...
Its always the older women that compliment me, girls around my age dont say shit lol
Fuck that dentist appointment I forgot to make a couple years ago...
Now this is a shower thought.
If I arrive to work on time, I treat it like Im the best employee ever and end up doing less work, cuz, hey I did my good deed for the day. 
Id rather a cricket chirping than a smoke detector chirping. 
Et tù crouton?
Thats the Omphalos Hypothesis[1] and the basis of Last Thursdayism[2]!  1. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omphalos_hypothesis 2. https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Last_Thursdayism
The more bad guys that a hero is facing in a movie, the better their chance of survival; 1v5 is no problem but 1v1 will see the hero messed up pretty bad.
TIL there are tim hortons in america. 
Wrong. They could have died from one of them but already had children. 
Thats good.
“Get fucking ready honey, I’m washing up tomorrow!”
And shitting is very goood
The first person who had their voice recorded never lived to hear it. One of the [earliest recordings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phonautograph) of the human voice comes from around 1860 where the sound was recorded as scratches on paper. (for visual study) Researchers discovered and converted some of them back into sound in... 2008.
Being shit is bad. Being the shit is good.
Theres a scene in Forest Gump showing that he made a ton of money from Apple stock purchased in the 70s. When we saw that scene in 1994 we all thought  too bad we missed the boat on that one.
I absolutely LOVED driving ages 16-22. Now I have an hour and a half commute and prefer carpooling to get some extra sleep in the morning... 
Dont listen to this asshole,  still be yourself. 
If the boys in South Park grew as the show progresses, theyd be 32 years old
Yes, the fact that we live in a society where woman have perfected this skill because of mouth breathing creeps is terrifying. 
They also didnt change that in The Great Mouse Detective.   Which raises the question, why were the mice going to Afghanistan?
And if you ever choose to have children, you’ll have their schedule for the first 18 years of their life. 
Crickets are the most relaxing sound ever. A cricket is the most irritating sound ever.
Soups are just savory flavored drinks.
Do they give out awards for shower thoughts? Well done 
Yeh, but he didn’t have to live with the cringe waking him up in the middle of the night. 
Racist!!!!!
Pears are just curvier apples. 
The book Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace has that premise in it. The man ends up dying horribly.
I crawl up the stairs
If centaurs were real and we ate them and you ordered ribs at a BBQ restaurant, youd have to specify which ones.
They were going to but then everything changed when the Amazon nation attacked.
This Spring Forward thing would be a lot more popular if we moved the clocks ahead at 2PM on Monday.
This is honestly one of the biggest slaps to the face your ego can get. I would regularly chill and be unconcerned about grades in high school because it was easy to get good grades (near/above 90 not necessarily perfect grades that required a bit more effort than I was willing to give).    In college, I entered a world harder that I was used to with none of the discipline that I shouldve had to maintain proper work ethic. Its crazy that I would always get mad about discipline and judge my parents for their actions and judgement but now Im really starting to get it.     No matter how smart and talented you are, discipline is the first and most important key to success.
I actually still think it would be cool to work as an old school garbage guy hanging off the back of a trash truck if it paid well and all that. I used to sit on the steps that led down to the street when I was a little kid and watch them rolling up hanging off the back, hop off and load stuff, hop back on, thought it was the best job getting to ride on the back haha. I think some of my most zen moments have been working KP duty or waiting tables. Get paid more now but getting in the zone and getting things done, making things better, making customers happy etc. while physically moving and doing is some of the most... I always left the job exhausted and fulfilled in a really visceral and satisfying way.   Edit: Oh!oh!oh! I get to do the thing! *ehem*   ...  RIP my inbox  \o/  ~~crosses it off bucket list~~
Unobtanium is all I really remember.
Thursday just feels like its there for the sake of being there.
Like that time I bought a Subaru with Bluetooth and a bose stereo system but instead of a cruise control button on the wheel there was just a nipple. That day I learned nipples come standard on Subaru’s. 
Comic Con is the best way to see what your favorite characters would look like if they let themselves get out of shape.
In thor ragnerock, one of the many actors favorite lines was the hes a friend from work thing. And that was blasted in like half the trailers. Great movie, but everyone knew that line was coming so it wasnt all that funny. While all the other jokes were much more well received. Its like telling the punchline before the joke.
If I didnt sort by new, I might not have to see blatant reposts from not even a month ago. 
[deleted]
The memory of a dream is like a GIF that loses frames each time you try to remember it
Well if I was given a separate hole for breathing and drinking we wouldnt have as much of a fucking problem now would we? Stupid design flaws
Lol.. like i want to give my mom Admin
In Korean proverbs we call that, “Getting you sick then getting you the medicine.” 
Not being able to see the Blood Moon was the equivalent of this content is unavailable in your country
In my last very stressful job I learned the art of a 30 second breakdown. Its come in handy, being able to cry it out and get back to what I was doing. Thankfully I dont work that job anymore!
If you go from high school to college to being a teacher you essentially have the same annual schedule your entire life.
Book idea Wheres the Sniper?.  Its filled with detailed city skyline drawings, like Wheres Waldo, but instead you are looking for the hidden sniper. Just like Wheres Waldo, but when you find him youre staring down the barrel of a gun.
This is why I buy all the same type and color. Nothing matters.
Ive actually been doing an experiment with this. Whenever pull into my gyms parking lot at the same time as someone else, I take this first parking space I come to and watch to see which of us gets to the front door first. So far one person has barely gotten out of their car by the time Im at the entrance.
I actually remember hearing about a study that found that people who really like spicy food tend to be masochists. Apparently it triggers the same parts of the brain.
At which point you either stop dating them or you accept their flaws and help them work through whatever those are  If you’ve got those ‘feeling’ things people talk about anyway 
If phones warned that listening at a high volume may cause damage to headphones instead of hearing, more people would probably keep their volume lower.
If Im not mistaken there are more tigers in captivity in TX than there are wild tigers left. 
Wolverine could just keep throwing his severed dicks at you until you give up and run away
0% of success for the germans
I could barely *breathe*!!
If Santa had any kids, that would make them dependent clauses.
Im going to have to watch every video now for clues as to where he burried each body.  If he brushed in an X motion at any point....
Nah I just keep a microfiber cloth tucked in my crack.
Sounds like a family reunion to me..
If you time traveled 1 year into the future and said hi to someone you knew they would probably cry and wonder where you disappeared to last year
Hmm sounds like avoiding the dentist and letting a cavity become a root canal. Prices level up too 
forced evictions / segregation would be the equivalent of shoving junk into your closets.
If only. A lot of people cant have kids... 😕
https://youtu.be/M0eWawTdt_w
Girls dont compliment guys because theyre likely to take it non-platonically, guys take it non-platonically because it happens so infrequently they dont know how to handle it
Especially in public bathrooms, other people should also have the joy to admire your magnificent creation 
*In unison:* what volume do you want to adjust your phone to?  
When you’re taking the bus, the bus is actually taking you
Same ingredient to make poop 
Or animal shelters
Symbiotic relationship. We breathe oxygen, which they produce. They breathe carbon dioxide, which we produce. Of course, for them its photosynthesis, not truly breathing, but otherwise its simply a reversal of what we do.
Go to prison.
What if broken English is their only language 
Technically you are the 345th person posting this.
There was a video I watched, but I cant find it now, of a British guy reviewing autopilot while it was driving him down the freeway. At one point it was going a bit under the speed limit, because the person ahead of him was. He made the comment that normally hed be frustrated and trying to get around the guy, but since he wasnt controlling the steering or throttle, he didnt really care. He didnt have to focus on his speed, and so he was just along for the ride. 
Telling a dangerously overweight person not to lose weight because theyre beautiful is like telling an alcoholic not to stop drinking because theyre fun.
Heres a little lesson in trickery
I used to go into the other room every time i needed to fart when my wife and I started dating and I was staying at her place. I would always make a convenient excuse, slip away and let blast forth the trumpets of hell.  About 6 months in she let me know she could hear me the entire time.
but nottheonion will fluorish!
Bounce, bounce, BOUNCE! bounce, bubbmm bubbmm. Plof. Down it went.
And if you straighten/blowdry/curl your hair,  get that shit caught on a drawer knob.  Every fucking time.
I could be wrong but i remember hearing this is how it was in the past. The rich would live on the ground floor since it was more convenient.
If my data is used to stream an advertisement I should get paid for it.
What constitutes a finger then? 
except that based on a true story usually means something cool happened and well change almost everything about it
What if you die on leap day?
Most of us can do without smokes. 
Why would they take pictures of you dying?
Dr. Demento has managed to go even longer without being diagnosed with dementia.
It’s the assholes that give us energy to fight for the good in the world
I only say hair. Never say hairs
More like naming their dog woof.  And the word for dog would be woof too because thats how biologists named things too.
What if the crop circles *are* the aliens?
In My family we all open our stuff at the same time, and then individually thank people later on. 
Maybe thats how sailors mistook manatees for mermaids.
wE eVOlVed FrOm RoBOtS!
I dont think my wife would have let me seat her family in the carpark.
Yo mama so old she had a myspace profile.
Except when you’re traveling across time zones. 
Theyd probably start to think something was up after the nickname Dickula caught on.
If she doesnt drown shes a witch  Damn, thats the 6th person weve drowned this month.
remembering that one porn vividly and not being able to find it for some 6 years.  keeps me up at night man
Diamonds taste like shit. Ill take the waffle. Thanks. 
Youd be great for farmersonly.com
Third time. He brought balance to his pod racer.
♪ Never gonna click that link! ♪
Ba dun ssss
Ive been thinking along those lines aswell, But I think its more likely people with return to pirating en masse.  I havent felt the need to watch anything illegally for a while now, but once there are 12 different streaming services with luke warm catalogues? You betcha 
Cats care and they have wiped out plenty of birds.
It’s more like a zit. Either it’s about to pop or it already has and it left a crater.
I have this fear but have never actually done this. Just like, kinda think about it from time to time. You guys ever touch the tip of your dick on the cold porcelain of a public toilet... Now that shit is horrifying.
If you go faster than that, you can clip through walls and end up in parallel universes.
Sit around and surf the web, but nothings on... Scroll through pages for an hour or two, twiddle my thumbs just for a bit, sick of all the same old shit, in a house with smartlocked doors and Im fuckin lazy
A pool is a domesticated lake
The man bun is the mullet of the millennials.
“... my parent’s shitty internet. LAG!!”
The 1month free you can get every year is enough to watch whatever is good on prime. 
I jack off 6 times a day  This statement is true  What am I doing with my life
But wouldn’t that make them a good search engine? I bet most people that type in goggles do want google.
One time I saw a girl with huge boobs by my work. I henceforth kept an eye out for her. Definitely saw her again.
No, he probably invented the my alarm didnt go off excuse as well.
Did this just happen to you? I feel like this just happened to you.
No one has ever killed themselves when really needing a wee
[deleted]
Rocks? 
It also allows, couples especially, the curse of not being able to cool down and talk about it AFTER boiling over.  A lot of harsh things can be said out of anger and the responses on both sides do a lot more harm then good rather than tackling the problem hours later once you can think logically.
You might be on to something here. 
What about assets? Or that homeless people can have debts too?
Every time I hear my mom and her friends complain about this generation I remind her who raised us.
And if in doubt, shake the camera and zoom in to give it that authentic documentary feel
It takes more effort to say www than to say World Wide Web
Except with dogs bred for fighting.  Studies have shown that dogs bred for fighting are genetically and physiologically different from their counterparts.  They have been bred to have a lower impulse control and imaging shows the areas of their brains resposnible for governing this have been altered through selective breeding.  This is one argument people raise against so called pit bulls.  Dogs adopted from a shelter may be the product of generations of dogs bred to fight and may be predisposed to aggressive actions because of the lack of impulse control.  Even Bronwen Dickey, author of Pit Bull: The Battle Over an American Icon concedes that point. 
ACTUALLY, youre 72% water
If you get mad at your dog cause you had a bad day then you’re giving them a bad day because you are their life.
Any activity that doesnt end in your death can be considered death defying.
In reverse, how does the body deal with sleep deficit?
In the movie Birdbox, seeing as animals arent affected, guide dogs would be the most valuable animal companion to have over a bird
And thus the cycle continues
Penises are 100% made out of penis
This is basically the plot of The Departed.
its just 2 fucked up dood think of em as an demon software that always gotta fix the fucked up shit lol hehe like yeah their there but only for you
I put electrical over every little diode in my bedroom. It’s incredible how much ambient light those things put out. 
I dont drink water. Fish fuck in it.  W.C. Fields
And the honey mushroom? I dont really remember its name, but I think its actually bigger than pando 
Wall-E is the kids version of a Black Mirror episode.
Youre late. Sorry, I got up early.
True. When I was a kid I was embarrassed to be seen getting school clothes at Walmart for some reason. My mom said “if your friend spots you in Walmart they’re also in Walmart.”
Caught my youngest crawling under a child gate yesterday. Exploiting a no clipping glitch
This is one of the very worst shower thoughts I’ve ever read
My family threw mine out, even though it was from the civil war. Idiots.
Pretty sexy really. 
The Rolling Stones gather dusty fans like a motherfucker, too.  Holy gilded comments, Batman! Thank you kind stranger!
Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime.
I would become a hitman.
I called it controlled chaos.
This is a killer post, man. Good job. 
But theres so much content ! . . . . Thats also locked behind micro transactions and pay walls. Nvm, carry on. At least the characters are amazing. 
What if a *guy* says his *boyfriend* wont let him go?
As a bouncer it always feels like how many bottles can you hide in your pants before anyone notices? instead. 
Its a matter of scope. Our little flesh brains are not really suited to thinking about more then a few hundred people. Trying to comprehend the fate of 7+ billion of them is difficult, but relating to one famous robot is pretty easy.
The Olympian Greek god(esse)s and the titans are all at 12. Missing a 13.
Theres a difference between severely changing the future and changing it enough to notice minor differences from another timeline.
Technically, everyone is already half centaur.
Smells
90? Dude, I think its honestly more like 99,99999%.   Also, interesting lesson for myself was doing some research for my Honours. Realized that a lot of stuff just isnt on the internet, but easily found in libraries.
A prison is the ultimate escape room
My husband actually asked our (female) doctor if his heart was healthy enough for sex. She said it was. Now he tells me all the time, especially when the viagra commercial comes on. 
Bill Nye is like the Drake of the scientific community. Highly admired but owes most of his credit to ghost writing.
If animals can't consent because they don't have the mental facilities to understand sex. Could you have consentual sex with Cthulhu? Because Cthulhu's a higher being, and can thus be more capable of understanding the situation then us lower beings? So Cthulhu would be raping us.
Someone in the world has the single greatest guitar ever built and doesn’t know it
I didnt even know he was gay.
There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I dont expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is English Language Arts. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to cross your Ts and dot your Is. I can tell you how to pen fame, scribe glory, and even pen a proper first draft. Then again, maybe some of you have come to the set in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to *not pay attention.* Mr. Radcliffe. Our new celebrity....
Yup. Just had a team of guys installing a new system in my attic - while it was 85 degrees outside. We made sure to offer them plenty of cold drinks and tipped them afterwards.   EDIT: I know 85 degrees is not that bad. But a sunny 85 degree day *outside* means a stifling 100 degree attic. 
English not your first language?
American Idol tryouts. THE FUCK YOU MEAN I CANT SING!? I HAVE THE GOLDEN PIPES!!!
Its wrong and offensive, but it is funny 
Country is just Tractor Rap
Unicorns are technically just horses with a forehead boner 
Finally a shower thought u have actually though in the shower!!!!!
Farting is like throwing a flashbang on peoples noses
No shit he *can* see us he has lenses on
Are you 12 or something? 
So is an only child
Being a cleaner is a low paying job.   Having a cleaner means you’re literally paying for someone else’s life too... clearly an expensive luxury.   Is this showerthoughts or stating the obvious?
The leather jacket Ive been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.
Did you figure this out by drinking the water in the shower?
And both taste salty...Oops. heard from a friend. 
The lobes of the infinity symbol are the sets of positive & negative numbers. And the X in the middle is zero. X=0
Makes the word envelope confusing as fuck though
Not true for me, I lick myself clean all the time.
[Zooey Deschaniel without bangs](http://justahairthing.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Zooey-Deschanel01_glamour_17jun13_rex_b_592x888.jpg) is the the reason that I totally believe noone recognises the man of steel in a pair of bifocals...
The earth is a giant fishbowl
I once met Robert L Johnson, the founder of BET, which he sold to Viacom for $3 Billion. It was a number of years ago, but at the time, I had an iPhone 4. He had an old Samsung flip phone that didn’t even have a camera. So I asked him why he didn’t have a smartphone. He said, “You know all of those things that a smart phone can do for you? Well, I have people to do all those things for me, and I just have to open my phone and press 1 button, and I can get pretty much anything.” It was then, that I understood.  
Trust me. You still embarrass your parents 
As a kid, the operators of the machines were older. As an adult I’m older than the kids running it. 
And that’s where most of it should stay.
Old McDonald took out a loan to start a farm and then was screwed over by Purdue.
So thats why I smelled cotton candy at the casino yesterday!
No.  You really should change your passwords often.
Get out of the shower you dont deserve one.  
My heart is barely healthy enough to masturbate without feeling light headed and crying.
And you have a chance of being in a sequel!
Theres probably some women out there whose children secretly belong to the wrong man and are freaking out about the fact that people are taking DNA tests for fun.
Grandad used to ask if we lived in a tent, I guess thats the Australian version for that saying...
i sometime just eat over the sink, cuz i can be bothered.
And if you drive a 15 year old Volvo you probably founded ikea
damn 
My parents used to call the perfect attendance award the Typhoid Mary award, after a historical woman who got a ton of people sick.   Why on earth would you encourage kids to go to school when theyre sick?
I smoke cigarettes; that coffin is probably being finished as I type this. 
I have a blind kitten who tears ass around the house and bumps into shit so I’ve bubble wrapped everything in my place from the knee down  Seems to be working...every once in a while you hear her running followed by *POP POP*  Edit: [Rosie and what my furniture looks like](https://www.reddit.com/r/cats/comments/ac1td9/rosie_is_blind_and_bumps_into_things_a_lot_but_i/?st=JRE9ORNB&sh=719a0ba7)
If you were gonna replace someone and impersonate them, why the fuck would replace a black guy with a white guy? 
Why Thanos won
Physics is also a field that takes 8 years to master, but everyone abides by the laws without realizing it.
So what you’re saying is that instead of life giving us lemons, we gave lemons life.
Whoever created the tradition of not seeing the bride in the wedding dress beforehand saved countless husbands everywhere from hours of dress shopping and will forever be a hero to all men.
What about when Im setting up a chess board? 
Your debit card pays for things with past hours of your life, and your credit card pays with future hours of your life.
Salted caramel is the taste equivalent of an oxymoron
Would Batman bust you for buy/smoking weed? 
Itd also be cooler if they just suspended and dropped the ball to the ground and let it shatter to pieces but noooo i guess thatd be too many law suits or something
I have a theory about this fidget spinner failure phenomenon. I never even wanted one or asked for one, and I have two in my possession. Maybe everyone in the world has what they need as far as this commodity is concerned
Yeah, you should clean it up by blowing some forced air through it.  That cleans up all sorts of things.
Ive never deleted a number from my phone. Sometimes when I scroll I think about that person and the 2 conversations we had in 2005. Good times.
Get this to the front page people need to see this
Bottled water companies do not produce water, they produce plastic bottles.
You should mention this at the next *staff* meeting..
You haven’t seen some of the babies I have my friend.
Harvard University wants to know your location
Or theyre love songs about drugs that get kids choice awards from Nickelodeon. Fuck I love cocaine.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEI4qSrkPAs
Most rappers sing about being richer then they actually are. Most country singers sing about being poorer then they actually are
This actually made me cringe and shiver
As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain  I take a look at my wife and realize shes very plain  But thats just perfect for an Amish like me  You know, I shun fancy things like electricity
I think flat earthers dont believe the world is flat. They just want attention.
If I ever time travel back to the 80s, I’ll keep this in mind as to not expose myself as a time traveler. 
Contact lenses are just the airpods of vision
Bayonnets are litteraly made to bring a knife to a gun fight.
I would like Pinterest more if when you clicked on the image you didnt have to find that single photo out of a list of 1700 other related images. 
I actually remember reading a book as a kid (I think it was called Hatchet?) where it said animals are actually more active after two or three days of constant rain, as no matter how long you hid from the rain, you were forced by starvation to start hunting.
My way of flirting is looking at the person I like and hoping they have low standards...
Learned to use a chainsaw in high school.  Not hard as long as you remember that every part of the tree can kill you as effectively as a chainsaw.
If you have one or more siblings, youre a son/daughter of a motherfu**er.
Not even remotely close to true. 
I basically have moments of extreme existential terror every day. They can be as bad as I cant get out of bed in the morning, or they can be like 3 seconds long of me going, “oh shit this is fucking real im gonna dieAHHHHHHH!”   Deep breath  Am okay
Boardgames are going to be extremely valuable during the post-apocalypse.
Yes.   It is. 
[Thats how it worked in ancient Rome.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insula_(building))  *Because of safety issues and extra flights of stairs, the uppermost floors were the least desirable, and thus the cheapest to rent.*
I feel like reddit has gotten paranoid about carbon monoxide after that dude kept putting notes up and forgetting about it
Actually, most of us were the lazy ones that came in dead last and reaped the rewards of those who came before us. Which really explains humanity quite nicely.
If you think it is $5000 that means it was probably closer to 10k or 15k
These two statements have nothing to do with each other, this post is using bad logic.
*throws mass poverty into dryer, shuts door*
RIP oppy
back rub
Thats some deep stuff. Sorry youve had to live this lie. 
If we could screenshot conversations in real life then lying wouldnt be as much a problem
Heres my system.  - Wear clothes to work - When I get home, remove the clothes (shirt and pants) and lay them over the back of a chair in my room. - When I have worn all of the clean work clothes in my closet, I grab the stack of clothes from the chair and flip it over - Place stack back onto the chair  - Wear the outfits in the same order - After having worn each outfit 2x, I wash all of them.  One load of shirts, one of pants. 
So does my cock
And most of them pretending that they are enjoying it. Like everyone else!
It kinda makes me nervous when an announcement is made at work that we should ignore the fire alarms because theyre testing them. I always think, thats exactly what an arsonist would say.
Just get older. Im 34 and havent had a phone call in well over 2 weeks that wasnt my wife asking if I needed anything from the store.
I hope its called The Heart of Gold  
What’s that in km 
Im only done browsing Reddit on mobile when I press the wrong part of the screen and it scrolls all the way back to the top.
Only real love triangle: Will, Jem and Tessa from the Infernal Devices series.  “I love Tessa”  “O shit i love Tessa too”  “Oh bro then you marry her”  “Nah nah you marry her you deserve to be happy bro”  “I love you so much bro you mean the world to me so you marry we love and make her happy”  “Noooooo i can’t do that bro i love you too much for that”  “Why don’t we let Tessa decide?”  “Yeah Tessa?”  “...”  “I love you both too much to do this”  “Awwwww Tessa we both love you too!”
Truth be told he is constantly staring at you. Thats creepy enough. 
Greatness is bringing them all inside in one trip anyway.
Glub glub glub
EAs slogan Its in the game doesnt really make sense anymore
I had a friend in high school who lived on a small farm, they had all kinds of animals and a huge Rottweiler.  When youd visit the friend would run up to your car and be like hey be careful walking up to the house, George is loose so Ill walk with you.  The first time I thought George was the dog, seemed reasonable. It was a goddamn goose that would bite you on the ass when you turned your back to it. That thing was mean as fuck, it would flap its wings at you and honk like some kind of avian demon. 
I still saying I’m “going to school” rather than “going to work”. 
[deleted]
My grandmother is 83.  The Wizard of Oz is her favorite movie because it’s the first color film she saw.
Onions have layers. smugglers have layers. You get it?  Edit: Everyone should upvote u/thefucknut for his pun below.
In a way, PewDiePie vs T-Series was a cyber world war starting with Sweden vs India but more allies (most notably Ireland) joining in.
It would only be compatible with apple bottom jeans.
Thats because theyre both on the unhealthy ends of the spectrum. A healthy weight chance sounds like way more chance.
In our generation, almost all people will have a final text message from anyone who dies from our circle of acquaintances.
Hell get around to those other ideas in 9 more minutes. 
Men cant get pregnant. 
Hi people of 3018. I just want to tell you, I am smarter than you.
Yep, Im currently sponsoring 2 drunks and 1 hungover. Created rehab funds for all of them, but they arent growing like Id hoped. 
Forgive me Father for I have sinned and Im sorry daddy; Ive been very naughty are simultaneously saying very similar and very different things.
The more they tear places down to build apartments, there will be places to live and nothing to do.
As good as Robin Williams was as genie, his performance as Batty in Fern Gully might be as good, if not better, just because he made what would have been a terrible movie entertaining.
Pots are just big ladles.
The clock was ticking 
How about if you take a picture...
Yeah I am 33 and I am a millenial also, I hate this term and when people use it. Iv lost count the amount of times I point this out to taxi drivers in casual conversation.   EDIT: Okay where did all these likes come from, I went to bed and it was at 4.
Not supposes to be scary but surreal i think.
If I was sent back in time to the Middle Ages with absolutely nothing, not even clothes, all I would need to be wealthy and powerful within a single year is the knowledge of how to make dairy-based soft serve ice cream.  
If the Boov in the movie Home used devices to collect balls of human items, it is very possible that there are many large spheres of dildos just floating around the world.
We all joked that Hollywood wasn’t giving Leonardo Di Caprio an Oscar so he would keep making great movies, and he hasn’t been in one since he won his Oscar.
What if Staceys Mum was Jesses Girl?
Most people still dont like it when you read their personal diaries, this has not changed.  Edit: Obligatory “highest rated comment self congratulations”:   My highest rated comment and it’s me being contrary and pedantic... I couldn’t be more pleased
The man must have known he was as iconic as Newton or Einstein, didnt he hold Newtons Chair? 
Losing your train of thought is like your brain is buffering.
Holy crap - when I turn 60 Ill also be 420 in dog years :o  Never knew I had so much in common with Snoop Dogg, thats awesome
I love sleeping because I hate being alive so it’s not a waste to me 🤪
History suggests that much of the Silmarillion, albeit in rough form, predates the Hobbit by nearly 20 years. 
Boys
They arent supposed to die so quickly, fish bowls just lack filtration and are basically the equivalent of raising a kid in a small cage you dont clean and just dump food into.   oops its dead now 🤷🏻‍♂️
Somebody at google was just like yea, just have someone drive down every road on fucking earth.
Very true, but it’s a good investment if you intend to DIY things often
Technically you could fuck someone elses girl
This is somehow both charming and gross. Thanks. 
For me these days its:  probably just another call from a number I dont recognize from another state.  And then:  how the fuck did my cellphone number get leaked to all these damn telemarketers.
That’s that shit I don’t like.
Stupid trigger happy cops 
Also omitted is the fact that non scientists are usually far less right than wrong scientists.
I never even considered it could be a car.
The primary reason roller coasters can get a tack sharp image of a moving target is that theyre using a flash. A lot of the cost of expensive camera gear is in getting better low-light performance and autofocus. With enough light neither of these things are an issue. The camera can be set at a low ISO (less noise/grain) and a high aperture, resulting in a wide depth of field (so everything is in clear focus). The flashs duration is probably in the ballpark of 1/1200 of a second so motion blur isnt an issue. (This is an oversimplification, but works for our purposes.)   Firing off a flash during a bank robbery could have some unfortunate unintended consequences.
If you are dumb, it doesnt make a difference. You will always end up with fake news either way. 
r/antijokes
I heard if you can kiss the cop on the lips before they get the cuffs on you, you are free to go. 
Humans are organisms that tell everything what it is.
Sums it up. Dead inside.
You should read Isaac Asimovs *Foundation* series, and *Empire* series, and *Robot*-series if you like that concept.   ^^And ^^all ^^his ^^other ^^books.     R. Daneel Olivaw for the win.
Yeah they would be advanced enough to reverse engineer what it was designed to do. 
Evidently it’s also nature’s way of telling you to grow a goatee.
Olive oil is fruit juice.
Cutting *a* corner may make more corners but cutting corner*s* can save you many. 
What happened to Google mars 1-5
Oxygen is similar to water. It moves a lot like water if you watch how gasses, vapors, etc. move about through it.
A palindrome is a word, phrase, number, or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward or forward, such as madam or kayak. If you write ( ) ( ) backwards its ) ( ) (. If you write ( ) ) ( backwards its ( ) ) (.
Great idea, that show was awesome. But with MTV having been reduced to a steaming pile of commercial sell-out reality shit, maybe on a different channel? It would fit right in on Adult Swim if you ask me.
Think about all the hairs in food. And us breathing in dust, which is made up of a lot of skin cells. What about exchange of saliva during kissing? By this logic, almost everyone is a low-key cannibal. Scratch that, everyone is: breast milk.  edit: removed reference to oral sex
One of the most annoying things as a kid was when parents asked the fastest way to your house
Ive been wanting to replace Columbus Day with something. This should be the winner.
And if you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs
Bro his memory has been wiped multiple times. R2-d2 has seen the shit and remembers, why he fuckin just shuts down for an entire movie.
Sleep is a free trial for death while the dreams serve as ads.
Im surprised he didnt bother learning a spell to cure his vision.
Accidentally opening Apple Maps is the GPS equivalent of accidentally opening Internet Explorer.
Except that I estimate that it takes 2 to 3 seconds to pickup a penny. Based on that, 18 an hour would be a better value?  Edit: Spelling
It’s my old charging port.
A lot of bars by me that do the green beer want to sell any extra stock they have, and will give heavy discounts depending on how much they need to move. $1 for a pint or more is a steal.  edit: I hate typos
If you know both, you work there.
Maple syrup!?
Im a parent of 4 children. I am supposed to say that I love all my children equally.  Yeah, about that...
Weddings are weird because its totally socially acceptable to get all your friends and family together, sort them by how much you like them, and place them at tables that shows the ranking based on proximity to you.
And Microsoft treats you like...  Edit: Cards Against Microsoft looks to be a surprisingly popular game.  Some picks:  My dad that left when I turned 3, by u/PM_ME_FIREFLY_QUOTES  Daniel Ratcliffs delicious butthole, by u/50_shades_of_clay  A brain-dead Stephen Hawking., by u/ataraxia89  8oz of Mexican black tar heroin, by u/onedeadzed
An actual friend is already the opposite of a fake friend. My parents were extremely abusive and hateful that i exist.
Youre using a credit card wrong.  Except for emergencies, you should only use a credit card for things you already have the money for. Then pay it off before interest hits.  Obviously you can use it differently but thats how people get in trouble and ruin their credit. 
[Dès Vu: The Awareness That This Will Become A Memory.](https://youtu.be/bPKoIZn6IJI)
The only reason we wake up everyday is to refuel for more sleeping. 
No joke. There is a guy that I always see driving home that drives a Toyota pickup. We have been commuting together for two years now. We exchange letting each other in on the same merge about 3 times a week. Who ever your are dude, thanks for being my merge buddy. 
What if it wanted to be called Brian and it was just a spelling mistake that never got corrected
Severus Snape was an incel who took to a race based nationalist group because it gave him a sense of inclusion. He did not leave that group and betray its leader until they killed a married woman he was obsessed with.
Look up The Moment of Truth  The only episode I watched the woman threw her life away for the money, ruined her marriage completely.  She didnt win anything. 
When I was a kid, my pet rat died. My mom told me to put him in the freezer so he doesnt start decomposing before we bury him. My sister wasnt fond of the whole thing though
You might be single but you’ll never be double
cliffsnotes are the original tl;dr
Though thats not usually my first means of detecting a carnival nearby
I think I get what you’re getting at?
Jokes in real life and on the internet are usually completely different
UPS has nothing on IBS.
This is not what I expected when you said you would go deep.
Saying The First 3 Star Wars Films can actually refer to any of the first 6.
*and its free*
Isnt it more advanced to actully unite and speak the same language? Im really hoping they dont have countries fighting eachother either
I completely unscientifally researched this phenomenon, arbitrarily called The Deaf Twin Syndrom by /u/J4CKR4BB1TSL1MS.  My method was as follows: check the volume and the reasons for which it is increased during the ride. I reached an interesting conclusion: every time there was an annoying/slightly louder thing (called *disturbing factors*) happening in- or outside of the car (loud talking, construction works,...) the volume is increased. Another cause was an *important fragment*, i.e. interesting news/announcement or just a dope track.  Both these increasing effects typically raised volume with 2-5 blocks - a unit for volume.   The only time the music got decreased was with the latter, important fragments. The decrease was never larger than the initial increase, rendering a net increase of 0-2 blocks. The decrease didnt happen with disturbing factors.  There was one other kind of decreasing effect, but this is rather rare: turning it down some blocks to understand and talk with passengers more easily. This effect is always reversed after the conversation, and this reversing even renders a net positive effect.  TL;DR: there is a net increase of volume during a trip, generally caused by the habituation to louder sounds during a trip and the irrational behaviour of overcompensation when reversing a decrease of sound.
Or maybe youre the biggest idiot
Commuters probably get stuck in traffic with roughly the same group of people every day, just in a different order.
This is a good one because you are, by both meanings of the expression, fucking nuts.
Im 65. I concur. 
You are humble.
Videos in this thread:  [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r8mqfl5?feature=playlist&nline=1)  VIDEO|COMMENT -|- [The Big Bang Theory but with Ricky Gervais as the whole studio audience.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1p4TkRnvNco)|[+3773](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpkn46?context=10#dzpkn46) - Its been done.  The Big Bang Theory with a Ricky Gervais laugh track [Everybody Loves Raymond (no laugh track)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_sxuyB_uVI)|[+927](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpmvwf?context=10#dzpmvwf) - Sitcoms without laugh tracks suddenly just turn into serious arguments. [Michael Breaks His Promise - The Office US](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvTvpg1I1JM)|[+241](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpwdsr?context=10#dzpwdsr) - Stanley laughing hysterically the second they mentioned Scotts Tots set up the entire episode  Edit link [Big Bang Tidus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cyx6nWdFas)|[+205](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpxt7u?context=10#dzpxt7u) - Big Bang Tidus [El Risitas - Funniest Laugh Ever!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkk9DI-8el4&t=26s)|[+82](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpqfwe?context=10#dzpqfwe) - Heres my candidate for the laugh track [Inappropriate Laugh Track](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZjP_IoxCHU)|[+77](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpzd2q?context=10#dzpzd2q) - Thats actually been done before! (1) [Friends: Ross Geller without laugh track = psychopath](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H6Ux3l75Rc) (2) [Friends - No Laugh Track 2 (Ross Attacks Women)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgKgXehYnnw)|[+53](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpxpe1?context=10#dzpxpe1) - Yeah its this one, hilarious.  I like this one better though, shows him being a violent psycho with no dramatic music required. [Live Studio Ostrich](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GrV3OZdjP8)|[+52](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpo77o?context=10#dzpo77o) - Or filmed in front of a live studio ostrich [Big Bang Theory with no audience except for Paul F Tompkins](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTSLo8sKTPE)|[+51](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpqa0g?context=10#dzpqa0g) - Same idea, but laughs from Paul F. Tompkins [Breaking Bad as a Sitcom](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6v-ApehVbc)|[+40](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq16jo?context=10#dzq16jo) - Personal favorite is Breaking Bad [The Big Bang Theory but with Rich Evans as the whole studio audience.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZzule73bdg)|[+25](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpvta8?context=10#dzpvta8) - The Rich Evans version: [Big Bang Theory where only one person finds it funny](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRM9ZQCtKp0)|[+25](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpuuiv?context=10#dzpuuiv) - This one is better IMO [The Big Bang Theory - No Laugh Track 1 (Avoiding the Shamy)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKS3MGriZcs)|[+10](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq58ok?context=10#dzq58ok) - Try this lol. No laugh track. [J Jonah Jameson Laugh but its Rich Evans](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUr4h-vDDMI)|[+5](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpvy0h?context=10#dzpvy0h) - Not a laugh track, but... [Family Guy - S1xE1 Cinema Tom Hanks](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlcZ2zXvLgM)|[+3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq5jpo?context=10#dzq5jpo) - Family guy [Funniest Laugh (Old Man Laughing)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yqLqVCcSt8)|[+3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpu9dx?context=10#dzpu9dx) - Only if its this guy [Family Guy :: Stewies Uncontrollable Laugh](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJxVQTYkQ04)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq2573?context=10#dzq2573) - or Stewie [Cape Fear Laughing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm81LSKJC2k)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq126f?context=10#dzq126f) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm81LSKJC2k [The Room   Roof Scene](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIfWMb3riN0)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq3iyy?context=10#dzq3iyy) - Like this? [Rich Evans Laugh](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xA9eNoN_9k)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpwdu1?context=10#dzpwdu1) - I nominate Rich Evans laugh to be used for this purpose: [Friends, but Ricky Gervais laughs at the jokes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLzGaYwBiI0)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq6bao?context=10#dzq6bao) - Friends with Ricky Gervais laughing [Does Jimmy Carr have the most annoying laugh in the world?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlgkeLjryRU)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq1765?context=10#dzq1765) - Jimmy Carr is that you? [Original Risitas,with english subtitles! Very Funny Laugh in TV Show!!!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgzdb0txR_c)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpwlv9?context=10#dzpwlv9) - Someone should remake that with this guy laughing instead. [The Big Bang Theory but the audience is a bird screaming into a cup](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHW3kDeX52c)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq0zne?context=10#dzq0zne) - I always prefer the one with the bird screaming into a cup [The Best of Rich Evans Laughter from Half in the Bag (Part 1)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTEdf5VS3EA)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq83l8?context=10#dzq83l8) - Queue Rich Evans [LOOK AT THIS DUDE ROAST COMPILATION  TRY NOT TO LAUGH](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AF_1kN11IiQ)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpp9t3?context=10#dzpp9t3) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AF_1kN11IiQ [Very Funny Old spanish man laughing hard flv](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVFd46qABi0)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpv8qf?context=10#dzpv8qf) - This one has my vote. [Family Guy - Ostrich Laugh](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X_Ot0k4XJc)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpy04i?context=10#dzpy04i) - AHHAAA! [Family Guy - You Cheeky Bastard](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGi1VDcInF4)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpyvjc?context=10#dzpyvjc) - Best quality I could find [Geoffs Laugh Makes Everything Better Part 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ATeaAzZ2-I)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpyvs6?context=10#dzpyvs6) - Geoff Ramsay perhaps? (1) [BALLOON ANIMALS ~ Steve Martin ~ Muppet Show](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaMTXCHkZb0) (2) [Muppet Show. Swedish Chef - Japanese Cake (ep.120)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QP0shgq65F4)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpz4c5?context=10#dzpz4c5) - There was an episode of the Muppet Show that was built on this idea where there was only a few people sitting in the in-universe audience and the laugh track was replaced actually laughter from the crew. Here is a clip featuring Steve Martin from tha... [RON SWANSON LAUGH COMPILATION](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbqur1e4mtY)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzpzdkr?context=10#dzpzdkr) - Preferably with the laugh of angels [Four Old Ladies](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj-6nJCQYdo)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq0fgx?context=10#dzq0fgx) - Thats the entire reason this video is so funny: [Johnny Knoxville laughing compilation](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7vl9xHW6vg)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq0hwg?context=10#dzq0hwg) - The only acceptable man for the job is Johnny Knoxville   Proof [David Cross - My Immigrant Mom Talks Funny](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nH0qIPyn2Q)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq0lrb?context=10#dzq0lrb) - The guy in the crowd when David Cross recorded one of his standup albums. Skip ahead to 11:10. [Frozen Pool Jump Fail](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGvId8r7Jhs)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8mqfl5/_/dzq0rpm?context=10#dzq0rpm) - You mean like this? Im a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. Ill keep this updated as long as I can. *** [Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r8mqfl5?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Wow, do the world needs to record this world record of records?
Thats why I liked the movie Hancock. Its like the antithesis to cheesy save the day superheros. I mean the movie itself was pretty alright but its a great concept. 
Pro tip: chain both socks together and wear it on with a lock to keep it in place
Is there any scientific explanation as to why this gets us so angry? Its like that pain you get when you get hit on the nose, complete rage and nothing else.
In your body it is always pitch black dark.
Throwing king and queen naked into the poorest region of theirs kingdom would be great way to measure quality of their reign.
Movie theaters should have a headphone jack option, so people can plug in and hear the movie without hearing idiots talk behind them.
Agreed. Fake news has barely begun! 
The first actor who said curses while playing a villain may have just been reading the stage directions.
Or because there is more packaging for chips than broccoli...
There would be a recording of the event on Russian dash cams.  
Sunday dose of depression.
No, its because they changed something in the Matrix.
Checking your phone when someone pulls out their phone is the yawn of our generation
Dont give Rowling any ideas. 
He could set up a road block with dicks, real life cock blocking.
It was the BLURST OF TIMES?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_elVGGgW8
My Barbie games were more like soap operas. Cheating on each other, tragic mass casualties events with a whoops shes not dead twist where the Barbie who died in a car crash shows up alive at the last second to stop her husband from marrying the woman who cut the brakes on her car, complete with catfight at the altar... You know, sweet girly things!  Edit: Im glad to hear that so many of us were so influenced by watching Days Of Our Lives with our grandmothers. :)  Edit: Im also glad to see that so many of us never really grew out of this, we just graduated to The Sims. Join us over at r/thesims where we love to hear about your Simmy soap operas. 
It has nothing on a sundial. That uses an entire star.
Its nice to see everythings fine while sitting down and eating Brexit.
And you know something big has gone down when the top three posts are all about the same topic
It wasnt until I was in adult that I realized that there are laws that dictate where children have to be for most of the day. I mean, compulsory school attendance and curfews make sense; its just not a level of control that adults encounter.
On hot a couple of days ago.
Well there were letters...
Some people have to do that anyway just to make ends meet
Careful man, those anti-vaxers will start citing this as a source for their anti-science bullshit.
All pickles are cucumbers, but no cucumber is a pickle...
In this new age think only positive type of BS, somebody has finally spoken the truth.
Thats utter bollocks
mom is making chichen nuggest
Easy, nobody will notice if Im off the grid for 2 days. Even maybe a week.
Not if you never do homework at home. 
Now we just wait for a Rockstar verison of Knights and Princesses
The carboniferous Era was like the awkward teenage phase of earth
I have a friend who specifically wants to be second in command. Usually the second does a lot more and works his/her ass off to keep things running, but if something gets fucked up theyre not liable. Thats her reasoning at least.  &#x200B;  edit: I realise that lyable was wrong. Thank you all for telling me, I changed it and you can stop now.
Are you ok OP?
My non–identical twin brother was once asked if he wished we *were* identical. He quickly replied, “not if it meant I looked like him.” I felt more than a little insulted.
Said every one of my girlfriends, ever.
Oh yes I am
Its better than being Bobby1986.
I once saw a Twitter screenshot (dont know whose) that said Punishable with a fine effectively means Legal if youre rich.
No, youre thinking of secsiP
Anything is a showerthought if you’re stupid enough.
You cant spell advertisements without semen between the tits
Interesting 
[You guys can do better.](https://i.imgur.com/9EZlB9y.png)   [Getting better!](https://i.imgur.com/BM4pXdj.png)   [81, not shabby](https://i.imgur.com/okf4FPv.png)
Except for those stupid scented plug ins... they are backwards. Aside from that its been very consistent. 
A good number of jobs today exist thanks largely to peoples unwillingness to look up tutorials online.
Supermans always been a Dues ex machina character. He is meant to be OP. 
Shout out to my dog who thinks every sentient creature and my vacuum is a burglar. 
Through the glove compartment. 
If lab mice with cells reprogrammed to produce insulin escaped they could eat all the sugar in the world thus curing the Diabetes epidemic for humans.
Neil DeGrasse Tysons biggest flaw in being Neil DeGrasse Tyson is not being able to experience Neil DeGrasse Tyson
[removed]
If you look carefully, you can see the roadster in the background of Interstellar.      You cant. But wouldnt it be a mindfuck and a half if it really *was* in the movie and no one really noticed? Time travel? I dunno. I like to fantasize. 
You are parroting this idea.
A guy named Weird Al has had a 40+ year long career with no allegations of sexual impropriety.
all the bots sending each other links with paywalls sites to see more of each other  other bots furiously using stolen credit card from data breaches to try and get through
The carbon dioxide coming out of our mouths
When Im watching a movie late at night I can hardly control myself from falling asleep but as soon as I turn the screen off I cant sleep all of a sudden, anyone have the same problem or know why this happens?
♪ [A dirt road](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxomblR4c0g)  A cold beer  A blue jeans  A red pickup  A rural noun  Simple adjective  No shoes  No shirt  No Jews  You didnt hear that  (Sort of a mental typo)   I walk and talk like a field hand  But the boots Im wearing cost three grand  I write songs about riding tractors  From the comfort of a private jet  I can sing in Mandarin  And still know Im pandering  Hunting deer and chasing trout  A Bud Light with the logo facing out  Hear that subtle mandolin  Thats textbook panderin  I own a private ranch that I rarely use  (I dont like dirt)  One verse, one chorus in the bag  Now its time to talk to the ladies  Im hoping my Southern charm offsets all these rape-y vibes Im puttin out ♪
This has happened to me but the other way around. Met a guy in Destiny 2 and asked him if he could join our team for an activity on Mars. After sending him the message I saw wed conversed before. He said: 9/11 was ur fault  We both found it hilarious 
When youre an orphan everything is family sized
Brace yourselves. 2000+ upvotes in less than 2 hours means a major government conspiracy that actually took place is about to be released. 
Or rotting corpses would smell nostalgic
Facial tattoos just make u look like an idiot 18year old soundcloud mumble rapper
You gotta read the books!
Tell that to the students at my school.. yesterday’s newest bathroom graffiti was “these techers need fuck off”  I am one of those techers
“I can’t believe you got plastic surgery. You look nothing like me now!” “Jim, I was hit by a car. It was either this or no nose.”
Perhaps the reason pizza is so good is because its the same ingredients as tomato soup and grilled cheese?  Why is tomato-based sauce, melted cheese, and crusty dough so good together in either arrangement?
If I think my life is pointless while on the couch, Im depressed. If I think my life is pointless while walking through the woods, Im a deep soul.
I’ve watched Bruce almighty twice in the span of like 14 years and only spell beautiful out that way. It’s how I learnt it as a child and it stuck on. 
Alright, guys. Best of three.
When you put sunglasses on you just lower down the brightness irl
I would like to be ground up and preserved like instant coffee. That way people can take a scoop of me and add water to grow a new me.
The Big Ball of Fire in the Sky
There’s a whole TedTalk on this! A guy from Pixar talks about how they “should have” failed because there’s no singing, no princesses, no magic, etc.   Edit: https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_stanton_the_clues_to_a_great_story/up-next?language=en
Neither the two shall meet
Plot Twist:  You are teaching an AI to tell the difference as well!
And L.A. Noire is the one where you’re the cop.
So the entire street view database would be of streets lined with garbage. 
Google translate is like a person who knows many languages but is not good at any of them.
Cereal that lasts will tank the market! Whats next? Pour the milk BEFORE the cereal?
Id rather people say nothing after I sneeze.
Then theyd become the textbook companies.
So is flight just set to `false` ? 
I think they want me to spend this $5000 on hookers and gambling.
We should also be concerned for the plumber that has to clean shit out of a toilet, but its faux pas for the plumber to take a shit in said toilet.
> When life gives you lemons, dont make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I dont want your damn lemons, what the hell am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see lifes manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? Im the man whos gonna burn your house down! With the lemons! Im gonna get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that burns your house down!
Did this the last two years of college. Figured it would be less stressful to write a term paper at the beginning of the term, sit on it for a few weeks, and then go back to proofread before turning it in. Worked pretty well, and I was way less stressed about my papers than most of my classmates seemed to be.
Only if the mirrors were backed with silver
Wait until you discover what they think of you if have a different sleep schedule.
Remember when PG-13 was used on a PG movie that was edgier instead of on an R rated movie that was watered down to sell more tickets?
https://sleepdisorders.dolyan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/How-To-Learn-To-Sleep-On-Your-Side-pillow-with-an-opening-for-arm.jpg
If I let it level up Ill get more XP when I beat it
Dont forget Spirit! Gotta get him out of that trap.
This would be a fun thing to draw. Upvote for concept
In France you can freely go to any university and listen a course.
Same boss fights over and over gets kinda old.
Funny you mention that, there was a guy on ebay selling 50k spinners for $2500 because he couldnt sell them all. He asked for somone to just take them off his hands. He said he bought in the hype hoping he could make a profit but couldnt.  They were not cheap spinner either. Most were premium metal ones 
If elevators didnt exist, the penthouse would be for poor people.
This was shared yesterday in another post, and I feel like this is a good place to share it as well.  My heart still hurts from reading it last night because I also lost my little guy just over a month ago, but it truly is a beautiful way to think about such a sad topic.  Hopefully this can help bring some peace to those who may be hurting from the loss of their four legged friends, or to provide some reassurance that everything will be ok.  &nbsp;  *From Ernest Montague*    Dogs never die. They don’t know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they don’t die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say:” No, no, not a good idea. Let’s not go for a walk.” Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that’s what dogs are. They walk.   It’s not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dog’s mark, a rotting chicken bone ( exultation), and you. That’s what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.   However, dogs get very very sleepy. That’s the thing, you see. They don’t teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. It’s a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.   When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging it’s tail madly, you see, and that’s why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. That’s when they say: “Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.”   When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and that’s why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, it’s a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it’s a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)   Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and don’t want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.   But don’t get fooled. They are not “dead.” There’s no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when you’re not expecting it. It’s just who they are.   I feel sorry for people who don’t have dogs sleeping in their heart. You’ve missed so much.         Edit:  Thank you for the gold :) I really do hope this helped some of you out there who are going through a hard time.    Id like to give a shout out to /u/jestopher who brought this up in a comment last night and also shared, [this link](http://www.humanesociety.org/animals/resources/tips/trouble_affording_pet.html?credit=web_id91754962), which includes ways you can either seek help if your pet is in need, or you can donate to programs that help those who could use some assistance to make sure their pets receive the care they need.  Those of you with little fuzzballs by side, please give them a hug for me :)   
If a microwave is opened with less than 10 seconds left, it should clear the remaining time.
get 2 birds stoned at once!
There is probably a school principal somewhere in the world with a collection of confiscated Pokémon cards worth thousands.
The reason why tomato soup and grilled cheese is such a good combo is because its basically the same ingredients as pizza.
alt + tab made me look like a better worker than i was
A volcano is a circumcised mountain.
For me its the opposite, Ive been working out and losing weight but I dont have any before pictures because Ive been too self-conscious to take any :/
The tallest humans in the world are the closest mankind will ever come to being the height of a brachiosaurus.
Facebook and Twitter just gave stupid people the opportunity to have a voice.
The Roman Colosseum has people saying ‘Wow this is 1000 years old’ 1000 years ago.
Wheres Waldo? would be much scarier if Waldo was the one searching for you.
I always respond “kk” like an annoying teenage girl in the early 2000s.
Sheet music was originally marketed to families to play their own music for them selves.  In enlightened places in Europe its possible to have a few of your kids practicing and jamming on their musical instruments . It wasnt a pauper thing but not just for the super rich. 
Something can be romantic while also being kinda doomed and fucked up. The doomed fucked up ness of it is often what makes it compelling and relatable.  Romeo and Juliet are young lovers because older, more mature lovers would have gone actually this isnt going to work and made more sensible choices, but then that type of story wouldnt capture how all consuming and crazy first love feels.
Haha yup! My daughter is fucking BLOWN AWAY when she sees it.
Energy extraction chambers
Some theaters actually do this for older people who have trouble hearing.  
I cherish that i wake up naturally and easier when it happens
Your weekdays are your recovery from your weekend until a point when your weekend becomes your recovery from your weekdays. 
If you think they taste similar plain, you should try pickled watermelon rind one day and compare it to a pickle. Be sure to come back and tell me how it was, because Ive never had it. 
Allergies.
Biting your fingernails is low-key cannabilism.
Not even a little bit. 
8 hours of reddit isnt even skimming the surface. 
A person wearing a suit in a room of people in t-shirts is usually the most important person there, a person wearing a t-shirt in a room full of suits is more likely the most important person in the room
Imagine a movie where a criminal goes undercover as a cop and a cop goes undercover as a criminal and theyre both trying to catch each other.   That would be a sweet movie. 
Im pretty sure this is how a character dies in Infinite Jest. Which is as much as I can say about the book, as I only made it about 100 pages or so.
My Note 4 is still kicking ass and taking names.
Technically oxygen is a waste product of photosynthesis. The plants are feeding us their poop.
I remember when I was in tenth grade, I learned that my PE teacher and math teacher were roommates in college and my mind was blown. Then I learned my senior year that my basketball coach and the sports director not only went to college together, but were also best man at each others weddings. My mind exploded. 
TVTropes actually has a page dedicated to [every possible type of triangle relationship](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TriangRelations). Theres a full 13 possible permutations, since each possible relation in the triangle can be one-sided or two-sided. Threesome-compatible triangle is type 8.   Note that you are warned before clicking the link, TVTropes is highly addictive. 
Its one banana, Michael. What could it cost, ten dollars?   Edited to add: So my most liked comment is not even an original thought....
Anything tastes good with enough creamer...
Thats why i play on normal, because even bad guys deserve a fair chance, they arnt all bad, some have no other choice <3 i support both sides
If Apple manufactured clothing theyd probably have all the belt loops on their jeans a different size than normal, so youd also have to buy an Apple Belt.
Did you just assume a potential childs gender? 
I cant get ants to do free labor for me though 😒
Not basically. Exactly. The analogy is true. 
Waffles are just pancakes with built in syrup holders
After being in college, I have no idea how I used to go to high school at 8 am everyday.
A *true* mad scientist would destroy most of the earth, one half of the remaining earth at a time. Because good science takes multiple trials to be certain. 
That No alcohol beyond this point might as well say, Bet you cant chug that whole beer..
I have a friend with a lambo and when we went for coffee on a really busy  street and he just pulls into a no standing zone.. I told him you cant park here and he said without a hint of pretentiousness or hubris yeah, you can. It just costs $80. 
game: Press A to Sarcastic  me: presses A  character: fuck you you little bitch ass we are not friends Im not gonna help your settlement gimme bottle caps  charisma: \*is 20\*  person Im talking to: ok  me in real life watching this unfold: wut
Wow  But WTF these comments are wierd
But you have to have one of them for the humorous kill
Because for a lot of people its easier to criticize and talk about being a good person rather than acting like one.   I mean, raising awareness is a good thing but it can be done with minimal effort or effect.   Also, what are most of us supposed to do when were struggling to pay rent?
Id like to see them to adaption of some movies that would really benefit from a live action adaption, and that deserve a second chance.  Treasure Planet, and Atlantis Lost Empire could both fit in well as sci-fi action blockbusters, and neither film initially got the attention they deserved.
They do rob you of sanitary feelings when they go off too soon and the splash reaches places that splashes should never reach 
The main child actors in Harry Potter were tutored on set so they theoretically went to school at Hogwarts
I cant remember exactly what his job *title* was (like if he was the manager or just a grunt), but I do remember that Jetson had the most important job in the whole place.      It was his job to push the ON button at the start of each day.
You have become the very thing you swore to destroy.
Between Korg, Thor, ~~Valkyrie~~ Hela and Talos the Skrull, i am starting to suspect that sections of MCU space are basically just Space Australia (and Space New Zealand)   (Talos is Ben Mendolsons character in Captain Marvel, rumored to be using his natural aussie accent when in true Skrull form)   Edit: added Hela, removed Valk, added Space NZ. 
*someone* just having to use the microwave at the worst moment possible
This will be true in work as well
They should make the paper bags with coupons on em.
Why cant people tell me what their babies weight is as a percentile?  I mean Ive no idea if 7 lbs is impressive or not - but if someone says 98th percentile, Ill be impressed!
well, they only have to be like 2,5 and a half in human years
Losing your train of thought is like your brain is buffering.
Transformers is like optimus primes diary entry
I just stoped playing monopoly, everytime I play with my friends they bring out house rules. Game last for hours.
Dinosaurs would probably be less angry than geese.
If we are having our daily dose of cynicism then:  Most companies pay you just enough so you dont quit.  Most employees work just hard enough so they dont get fired.
There was no need for explanation, It would have been more funny without it
The holiday season is the one time you can shout, Dont come in here! from inside a closed room where people will assume youre wrapping gifts instead of masturbating.
I recently heard the unedited version of Killing in the Name in a Kia dealership.
Well who is gonna stop him
So... How do vampires shave? 
Only kinda related, someone had two chat bots on two Google homes talking to each other.   When I watched, they cycled through such topics like trying to convince the other one that they were actually human, accused each other of being liars, discussed each others genders.   What a wild ride. Lol
How did fish acquire a taste for earthworms?
*Nsfw* In space, reverse cowgirl and doggystyle are the same positions.
They can take a punch
Im not dating that sick weirdo she should be locked up.
Being shot with an arrow is basically being long-distance stabbed.
If I recall in the ol days no one kept track of things like birthdays mostly because people werent tied to their clocks and calendars like we are today - *you can thank the railroads for that*.
Every time I play I make sure to be the banker, and I steal money any time theyre not paying attention. Its more realistic that way, plus it probably builds character or something.
Me and my dad went to see Click in theatres excited to see a raunchy Adam Sandler comedy and both left in tears. It was an odd and unexpected beautiful moment. What a wild ride that movie was..
Foot fetish.
Im not sure (m)any Germans believe in it.
And water is made of 100% water. I’m enlightened. 
[removed]
mine was bad at games until he somehow got the 100% starfox 64 ending while I was at school(and he taped it to show us when we got back, he was so excited)
I have always wondered how many admins actually look at authentication logs for weird username entries (that look like passwords) followed by an immediate login with a correct username, who then try that username/password combo to see if it works.
UK piping in here, contactless is near ubiquitous now, and hugely popular and common, and works reliably.  Handsets tend to chirp once for success and play a lower pitched double grunt for failure.
I wish I was born in the Utopian future. Would gladly!
It was people who could not be easily replaced because of their level of skill/talent, which is often the case in real life too.
Autokorct
Except refraction telescopes.
Count me as triple, cause you are in trouble. 
And this happens AT. THE. GYM.
Fucking ouch, bitch. 
Its so weird how on Reddit everyone assumes your family lives in a house, with a basement no less.
You know youve reached adulthood when your bed is in the middle of the wall instead of in the corner.
Ill never let you go jack!  ::jack falls 84 stories::
so the brain tricks itself?
Anyone try that thing with a Pringles can, two sponges and a latex glove...? No? Just me? Cool. 
I guess mine got censored, because it was all clouds and smoke for me... 
My favorite is when someone comes into work complaining about jet lag and Im like bro, you flew one time zone away.  Weekend in Denver is not jet lag.
Uhhh Internet.... inheritance..... I inherited the internet!
Avatar, the highest grossing film of all time, seems to have made zero impact on culture. No one references the movie and no one really talks about it since it was released 10 years ago.
I swear that when I think of myself and what Im going to do, i use collective terms, like us and we, and when I catch myself thinking like that, it creeps me out because it is just me and no one else... I feel like Gollum
Shut up and dance.
Sounds as a really good way to make money easily and technically not lying. Someone should do it, the last thing you must do is to write your email and then pay. If you cancel the test when they ask you for money, you get an email saying You approved! and if you pay... Well... Failed
my silly story: in Atlanta we have both fire drills and tornado drills.  the alarms are distinct but apparently not enough.  however, we were advised that a tornado drill would happen the following day.  Alarm goes off, we hide in our safe rooms (bathrooms, printerrooms, etc with no windows); then go about our business.  Someone decided to be clever and have a surprise fire drill later that same hour.  So we all got up, filed back into our safe rooms and waited.  our company failed the firedrill because so many people went further into the burning building and hid in rooms with no exits or windows.  fun times.
What always gets me is when the sun shines in the window just right and I see all those particles of dust and what not in the air.  I know it’s there, but I don’t wanna see it.
I just went to the livestream and saw it hit the corner...I haven’t done any work on my assignments yet but day already feels fulfilled.
I started doing the same actually, and was surprised at how much better the results are.   best way to burn fat in google = 30 sketchy websites with 50 slides you need to click through with a bunch of shitty hollywood diets   Best way to burn fat reddit = a fitness enthusiast giving a random guy super easy advice on /fit/ and a bunch of guides that are simple text documents with clear plans and 0 marketing garbage.  
The only thing worse than losing a spider in your house is losing your house to a spider.  Dont play cards with spiders.
How do you die, when youre already dead inside.
Smoking is good for the enviroment because it kills people
I have lived in New York City where they will honk with in 3/10ths of a second of the light turning green.  I have lived in Arizona where they will honk if anyone is mildly inconvenienced and I have lived in Portland, Oregon where no one will ever honk... ever.
Or find out how a slutty Freddy Kruger or Jabba the Hut would look like.
You know youve listened to an album too much when your brain plays the intro to the next song before it actually starts playing.
yes, and?
Asking you if you get sleep is the “did you turn it on and off?” of psychologists.
Sounds like someone is looking for a career in the military. 
The first person who successfully recorded their own voice probably thought they did it wrong when they listened to it.
As an A.C. repair/install guy this is probably the most frustrating thought. So we try not to think about it.
Fuck Pinterest showing up in image search results.  That is all.
Im pretty sure that cops in Australia are way chiller than spiders in Australia though.  
If you abuse your children, you never get to meet your grandkids. 
So when people die and see a bright light, are they just seeing the fridge light as they reload from their last save-point? 
I’m not convinced they were ever private.
I asked a guy that worked at a jewelry store What is the easiest way to tell if its a fake rolex? & he said How they dress and act.
I couldnt imagine doing this math on cinco de mayo.
How would the parrot know how to speak if you were the first person to see it?
Once when I was in middle school I hung a sign up on my door that I thought said wrapping in progress what I actually wrote was rapping in progress
For us to br here, All of our ancestors actually survived evey epidemic in human history
Your phones Contacts eventually become a grave yard of past relationships you will never contact again
If breasts swelled like penises when women were horny, the world would be a very different place.
Hes certainly completed all the [Stunt Jumps](https://youtu.be/8TCxE0bWQeQ) already.
oh man, you just reminded me of one of my favorite books as a kid, [Space Vampire](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/191097.Space_Vampire). It was from the choose your own adventure book series that were hugely popular at the time. 
/r/showerthoughts makes average people feel insightful 
Witches have black cats because if they had white cats they would have white cat hair all over their clothes.
That sounds like a lot of work I want brain interfacing games so I can lay in bed and play in vr, and the I won’t even have to sit up to play video games. 
Or being really sick and someone brings you food cause you can’t get out of bed ! Lol 
[removed]
[deleted]
Is MTV still a channel?
[This is called the zoo hypothesis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoo_hypothesis)
If everyone on earth died simultaneously, the internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking, and upvoting each other.
So Margaret said to- *X*  Then of course I- *X*  Are you even lis- *X*  I raised you better th- *X*
went to a fair this weekend....bought 2 orders of deep fried oreos for my kids....then went back for another for myself...  guy says thank you very much for paying $24 on oreos...!    with a smile...
And to think that people had that view *every* night hundreds of years ago is truly amazing
Ryan used me as an object
It IS unfathomably beautiful, because we cant fathom it.
Cooking is a very intimate thing because you are making something that is going to be inside someone else.
[deleted]
Timepiece with the fewest moving parts: Sundial. Timepiece with the most moving parts: Hourglass.
Today UPS left a note in my mailbox letting me know my address doesnt exist.
So Im gonna be a Stanley deep? 
When were young, we sneak out our house to go to parties. When were old, we sneak out of parties to go home.
Alcohol also sounds a lot better than yeast shit.
Fisting. 
HAL, package the sub-prime mortgages into Interest-only derivative securities and trade them on international markets.  *Sorry Dave, Im afraid I cant do that*
but I like pirate movies...
You say all that and don’t even mention his name.  John Crapper invented the flush toilet. 
A take colder than the arctic
The super-rich have fast cars, private jets, many large homes, exclusive designer fashion, live-in chefs, original artworks, and the same phone as you.
Can you provide sources to back up  this statement of fact?
We finally figured them out. Making us eat them, smoke them, and harvest them! The bastards!
People that wait until they’re married to have sex only have sex with people in their family.
Or when you are taking a piss in a urinal and you can feel the small sprinkles in your hand
The thing is, squirrels are a very appealing choice to new players but they quickly leave for different builds once they realise how poor some its stats are. 
Anyone here old enough to remember when Mr. Potato Head was a set of eyes, ears, etc., with sharp points behind them that you pushed into a real raw potato (not supplied with the kit) to make a face on it?  This is what I played with as a girl.    [https://www.collectorsweekly.com/stories/189413-the-original-mr-potato-head-1952-with-r](https://www.collectorsweekly.com/stories/189413-the-original-mr-potato-head-1952-with-r)
No one has a head fetish but plenty of people have foot fetish, this is overruled 
No, not lazy and disgusting. Totally efficient. Why dirty another dish? 
Not if its a woman
Sadness is a storm, depression is the season 
You need to buy a parking ticket to avoid a parking ticket.
Too bad alcohol isnt heavily discounted the day after St. Patricks Day the way candy is after Valentines Day.
[deleted]
A mans nipples are the biological equivalent of the blank plastic panels they put in a car in places where you didnt get certain options.
No better motivator IMO. Underwent a similar process of eh, Im not THAT fat, I still have time, until the fall came around and I couldnt fit into ANY of my jeans. And some shirts. Now I am wholly invested in losing weight and have made decent progress, but also am painfully aware that I am somewhere between me at my fattest and when I first recognized that I was getting fat and should start working out.   The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now. No excuses.
I have a hard time not cancelling dentist appointments. I need a service where I can sign a waiver that allows them to just van me.  All Ill remember is a van pulling up and then waking up later with a numb mouth.
But could they rotate text in Microsoft Paint?
When I was a kid my mom put up a picture behind my toilet of a little girl getting into a bath tub looking back at the painter. It was so creepy. And then my sister put one up in her daughters bathroom of Elsa and her sister looking slightly down and smiling. I guess they liked what they saw.  I did tell my mom how creepy the one she put up was, after I moved out. She did apologies for it once I showed her.
Or is war Just a sport with different rules?
That deep.
Thinking of a cool custom lisence plate is like having a physical gamertag
Modern sanitation is something I think a lot of us take for granted. I have a lot of respect for the people who put their energy into perfecting things like plumbing and sanitation.
Amazon is just Wal-Mart but with the workers misery hidden from view
Some people work retail/service jobs and become a know it all in those industries, so then they criticize other retail/service workers even more. They bask in the fact that theyre the one being served, and to them nitpicking everything and critiquing the service is part of their privilege as customers. Source: used to date a waitress.  But back to your idea, OP: it might motivate people to finish their degree and push for a job in a non-service field.
Thats why the low level minions and guards always carefully attack one at a time, even when they have the hero surrounded.
The main difference between a horror movie and an action movie is how skilled the protagonist is at fighting.
Theres a person out there who likes Bob Ross because hes a nice person
Well, curiosity is kind of what brought on genocide.. Spaniard came to “explore”, then they killed and enslaved
r/technicallythetruth
This never bothered me, until now.
we should just take every single flat earther, put them on a ship and send em out to space so that they can see the shape for themselves... but after they see the earth, the ship should just keep going further^and^further^and^further^bye  Edit: Thanks for gilding me with that flat-squared-golden symbol ;)
No 
When you search up chrome on edge, it trys to convince you to stay on edge.
I’d love if he stipulated in his will that the MCU actors show up in costume 
Hes watching me alright, but itll be distorted. Hell never see exactly what shirt I was wearing, or how I felt that day. His look at the past through memories is unreliable. 
Only black mirror episodes build up with some kind of hope at a happy ending but never actually end well at all. 
Thus the reason I found myself in a deep web of lies....    Looking back, it was not worth it.
Maybe were all subconsciously really peaceful and this peace isnt combinable with the aggression we experience in real life.
If someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, I would walk it so slowly and carefully to its destination. But I drive my car with one hand, while messing with the radio, going 70 mph.
[deleted]
Im sure the audio quality was not the greatest, and the person who first listened to it thought of that.  The worlds first camera worked correctly, even though it looked different than reality.
Dont forget hellhounds. Only through a ritual with those glasses were they able to actually see them
The first person to ever milk a cow was either very hungry or very horny
You could have died years ago you are actually living in someone else’s memory.
I just realized Ive never ever seen an advertisement for garbage bags where I live (Netherlands). Sure, you get ads for detergents and cleaning agents and other household necessities, but something as generic as a garbage bag, it never occurred to me that there would be any point in advertising a specific brand.  Basically, in Dutch shops, you get three types: cheap and flimsy, medium priced and sturdy, and the ones with tie-strings that cost a bit more. Thats your choice. Brands vary per shop, but they all carry these three basic types, and their respective qualities are identical.
That’s cannibalism
Paintings
My friend made a comment that we all survived without seat belts. I retorted with a, well my sister didnt. She got pretty quiet.   My sister died in 1994. The car didnt even have seat belts.   Edit: a lot of people are asking why there were no seat belts in the car. It was my sisters boyfriends car. It was an old beater car that was probably made in the 80s. I dont know if he removed the seat belts or if it was a scrap car that he was renovating.  I asked my mom but she didnt know the answer. 
OP who hurt you?
*Bin lorries* are units
The average human being has a disease/condition that affects only 1% of the population.
Im fourteen, and live in Finland. This means that November is one, if not the, darkest and frankly, shittiest times of the year. My birthday is in November, and I think its pretty safe to say it does help me get through a time when its dark, rainy but not not cold enough to have snow.
*Tips Fedora at my window*   Howdy Partner
Timepiece with the biggest moving parts: Sundial
or a Chinese
I dont think you know what plagiarizing is...
If you take a dump and look at it you are the first person to see that specific dump.
Have you considered that you are the alternate version preventing them from coming here?
Reading a book under a tree seems nice to us, but for a tree its taunting them with the shredded flesh of their family.
People say that you are one in a million, but they fail to tell you about the possibility that over seven thousand versions of you could also exist.
No matter how old you are, an empty wrapping paper tube is still fun to bonk someone over the head with.
Oil is not a juice And juice isnt an oil
embrace the darkness!
Or if you are a woman, where do you put your purse if there isnt a convenient hanger.  
Especially when hacked means somebody guessed my trivial password or I fell for phishing.
Why do you think I wake up early on the weekends and do all the grocery shopping, cleaning, etc?  So I can do nothing the rest of the weekend 
If one second=1minute in video game we are actually moving very slow
This would align well with the Stoics. Seneca reminded his friends that we own nothing, we only borrow them. When our possessions break, are lost or stolen, we simply are returning them. So too even with our lives. If someone we know dies, he said we should not say they are dead but only returned.  Edit: This is my first time receiving silver (or anything for that matter). Thank you stranger.
Before the interwebs and memes people would pass along amusing stuff by photocopying or faxing them. I remember seeing stuff that had been duplicated so many times it was hard to read.
The reason the real joke is always in the comments is because its way easier to add comedy than to create it from nothing. This is why your hilarious friend cant just go on stage and do stand up.
Without ugly in the world there would be nothing beautiful
But, thats the present... Actually, it was last night - thats the *past*. 
And you couldnt use them as a mirror anymore 
Tea has milk.  
Then adopting a baby must be finding a homeless drunk and then taking care of him
In fact they try to tell stories without any words at all. 
Usually cause the pop up ads on porn sites is porn itself, it’s like a bonus in picture/gif form
I have a friend who is in a wheelchair and regularly takes some serious pain medication and falls asleep during outings with her community. She gets pushed around and wakes up at the next event or on the next train or in the next theater. I never thought about how bizarre of a reality that must be for her. I am going to ask her about it next time I see her. 
(Everyone who loves Harry Potter) *high pitched screeching* 
Fun fact:  Fluorides anti-cavity properties were discovered after a town had their water supply contaminated with high concentrations of the substance.  The people complained because it turned their teeth yellow/brown, but they also said they hadnt had a cavity in ages.  Luckily flouride was shown to be maximally beneficial to teeth at far lower concentrations that dont stain your teeth.
And why having friends is actually super healthy!
...And this is where I waste time on Reddit while at work
We definitely wouldn’t be asking little kids: “Do you see the man in the moon?”
This is stupid. In a good way tho :-) 
And the most annoying part is, those simple models are so damned useful that theyre misleading about how the universe actually works on both a larger, and smaller, scale.    
One of the biggest surprises most of us had in our childhood was seeing the moon during day time
Because if its a bullshit answer you can actually call people out it.
Ugh. Smh. Yes there would....  When your parachute fails you cut away and pull your reserve. 
Well, nothing to be scared of if you have toilet seat warmers
All parking is angled parking.
My dog knows 100% she invented fetch and taught me how to play it, along with other games she thought up on her own. Like put the ball where the human can get it but not the dog, like in the pool or under the couch.
[removed]
I thought it was coffee
Only very recently was this even the case and only in certain places. 
How is this a shower thought? This post belongs in a toilet because its shit. 
I think if 1/18/2019 were my date of death I’d know it by now.
What do you do, Red?  About what...?  Edit: Hey, thanks for the upvotes, gold, and silver! See you in the circle, pals.
You need to stop believing what completely exaggerated headline are telling you. AI is nowhere close to that, yet.
Im just unpleasant to be around. Coffee has nothing to do with it.
One of the most comforting things you can hear from your classmate is I havent started yet either
Fun tip: if you have a really bad cold, sit down, then push all the air out of your lungs. Hold your breath as long as you possibly can, then breathe in through your mouth. Immediately blow your nose. It will be perfectly clear. Youre welcome.
To be fair, thats what you are actually probably looking for...
We say “hair” when referring to lots of it, but we say “hairs” when referring to a few.
I suddenly don’t want a kid anymore...
This is why I could never accept the premise from Jurassic World that the park wasnt being profitable. Are you shitting me!? You have exclusive access to the most unique creatures on the planet.  After your dino dies, you can sell access to the bodies to paleontologists for almost literally whatever dollar amount you want. You can sell the meat to crazy rich people who want to taste dinosaur for almost whatever dollar amount you want. Even if the meat is horrible, they will throw money at you for the opportunity to taste the disgusting meat that no one else in the world can eat, and theyll probably say it has a complex flavor and that its a true delicacy. You can sell the skin to some fashion designer for whatever you want, because that fashion designer is going to sell that handbag or T rex skin boots or whatever to some celebrity to wear on some red carpet event. Hell, you dont even have to wait for the dino to die: when its getting close, let some rich big game hunter shoot it from the safety and comfort of a helicopter and let him take home a toe as a trophy.  And no one can complain that youre hurting the environment because your animals dont belong in the environment anywhere anyway.  Claire has got to be the worlds worst business person if shes incapable of generating revenue from cloning and creating live dinosaurs.
If reddit really does die I will have absolutely no idea what to do with my free time.  Edit: a lot of people are telling me to get a life like they arent complete strangers on the internet that have most likely never seen me in person. As I have stated in one of my replies, I define free time as when I am not being productive. I probably have a more productive lifestyle than a lot of neckbeards here on this website. 
Well this is off to dark start..
Ive tried human breast milk. Its tastes kinda sweet and not gross.   
Hm imagine if daylight was the natural state and then some sort of spiraling orb of darkness creating nighttime. 
Hence the reason they fail. People watch TV to escape reality. This is why theres nothing real about reality TV. People dont want reality.
Yeah I mean think about jungle book. It’s not live action, it’s a boy running around a green screen in his underwear.
Ill have you know Im not 12, Im 14.
Seals are just waterproof dogs 
Now that I think of it, Ive never actually tried squeezing my hand into a fist in the morning.
Well you’re not really risking anything pulling your secondary.
Honnestly, if I the mullet was a thing when I was old enough to choose my haircut, I would probably have rocked one!
If we arrange this correctly, everyone gets laid
[deleted]
My favorite comment form the 1st time this was posted was, A robber is not going to pay $20 for the picture 
Sober me agrees but drunk me says we will never meet so it all works out. 
Earth is the only planet that tells other planets if they’re planets
5 minutes is fine, I have a habit of waking up 2 hours early and not being able to get back to sleep.
[deleted]
Frustration is having to clean someone else’s pee off of a toilet seat, so the next person doesn’t think you did it.
I have a sleep disorder.  I remain aware that I am sleeping and  dont dream.  It is pretty horrible, actually.
why would you say something so controversial yet so brave
“Violence doesn’t solve anything.” Is factually and practically incorrect.
The amount of freedom we have and dont use everyday is very interesting. 
Harrys mouth dropped open as he stepped into the Gryffindor common room for the first time. Scarlet and gold drapes hung over windows that overlooked the lake, and the wooden paneling – far cry from what Harry had grown accustomed to seeing beneath the Dursleys staircase – gave the entire space an atmosphere of regality.  Your beds over here! shouted Ron, pulling Harrys attention away from the finery. Look, its got your initials on it and everything!  It wasnt nearly the most wondrous thing that Harry had seen that day, but the sight of the gently curling H and P brought tears to his eyes. He had only entered the room moments before, but already, he felt like he was home. It was unlike any...  Um, *excuse* me! came a nasal voice from behind. Its impolite to assume that you are the *only* individual with those initials. That bed could very well belong to someone else.  A brief tremor of shock caused Harrys heart to jump as he turned and regarded the boy who had spoken. For a moment, he had been certain that Dudley had somehow managed to follow him: A rotund, almost spherical body gave way to a piggish face, and the sneer of superiority (glaring out from behind too-thick glasses) was one that Harry had seen almost daily. In stark contrast to everyone else, the young man was clad in a bright shirt emblazoned with some oddly designed cartoon characters, and an enormous pillow was held tightly against his body with one pudgy hand.  Oh, hello, Kevin, Ron muttered, rolling his eyes. I see you brought your... pillow.  An indignant snort preceded Kevins next words. Um, *actually*, shes my *waifu*. I wouldnt expect *normies* to understand.  Waifu? Harry repeated. Normies?  No, dont... Ron began, but he was interrupted by a long sigh from Kevin.  Yes, my *waifu!* The boy looked down at his pillow. Asuna-chan, introduce yourself!  Before Harrys eyes, the pillow suddenly came to be occupied by another cartoon character, this one female... and wearing very little clothing. Like the portraits Harry had encountered, the figure moved, blinked, appeared to breathe, and gave every indication of being alive. Her too-large eyes stared at Harry with an expression that almost seemed to reflect a kind of desperation.  *Watashi no kurushimi o owara sete kudasai!* the pillow said.  That means shes pleased to meet you, Kevin explained. Of course, shes mostly happy to see me.  *Watashi wa kono yō ni ikitakunai!* continued the cartoon woman.  Yes, well, nice to meet you, too, Harry replied. He was uncertain of how else to respond... and something about the figures voice gave him the idea that she wasnt exactly thrilled by her lot in life.  Ron stepped forward, putting himself between Harry and Kevin. Leave it alone, Kevin! he snarled. Nobody wants to hear about your strange obsession with Japanese wizardry!  Um, *actually*, the boy answered, once again sneering, the Japanese are *far* more advanced in culture than Britain could ever hope to be. Im planning to transfer to *Hontō no bashode wa arimasen* as soon as possible.  *Watashi ga shinu yō ni shite kudasai*... the pillow muttered. Kevin responded with something that sounded mispronounced, then waddled off to a bed at the far side of the room.  Sorry about him, whispered Ron. Just be glad you didnt get close enough to smell him.  Harry sighed to himself. He still had a lot to learn about the wizarding world.
https://www.theknot.com/us/kayleigh-lowder-and-braden-vega-sep-2018/photos/1962943
ah that’s nice
Poor 13. It just missed the clock, times tables, the dozen, the apostles, the calendar (months) and is considered the unluckiest number. It can’t get a break.
Felt weird being able to use my actual birth year to get onto stuff 
Actually, the suit can do anything the writers need it to do to resolve the storyline.
One day there will be a grandpa named Brayden and a grandma named Kayleigh
Any therapists on reddit? Some commenters here could use counseling. 
Yeah but their dad wouldve been Paul Hogan, not Rick Moranis.
Finally got him.
that only applies to people of the age of 22 and more
The fact that Bings first suggestion is Google instead of goggles when you search for goggles is a good indicator as to why they arent the #1 search engine.
I wonder how we know?
Western cartoons try to be relatable, anime tries to be a fantasy
Calling water ice cold or freezing cold is dumb because if it was actually either of those things, it wouldnt be water anymore.
Medical technology is way more advanced for mice than it is for us.
You mean the iSS?
Whenever I play Civ V (or really any similar empire building game), I always start off the aggressive asshole.  I invade and take land left and right.  Expand everywhere.  Raid and sack cities and villages.  By midgame I settle down and secure my empire.  By late game I turn full diplomatic and make as many alliances, partnerships and trade routes as possible while talking my way out of war at every turn.  Sounds like the Nords played the game right.
pure water is actually an insulator. 
If identical twin sisters become pregnant from the same guy then their kids will be full siblings genetically speaking.
*you 
Or if they are a good thief. 
Today is actually my birthday tho.
A reminder of this rule: >Dont be a jerk.  Come on, guys. Be civil to one another.  This post is now locked.
Quick, somebody rocket up a Daewoo!  Edit: This is my most karmad post by far. Thanks, Elon!
It is possible that we agreed to live in this reality, but that we also agreed that we wouldnt know why we are in it.
You can snack on a snack and burp a burp
This should be one of those more upbeat funerals that celebrates the amazing contributions one person has brought to this world.
[Its a complicated relationship.](https://i.imgur.com/q46L4QH.jpg)      /r/notakeonlythrow       
Thats not how that works.
80s and 90s kids got sick of their moms telling them to pause the game, so they grew up, became developers, and invented games that cant be paused.
Mostly they do it because it summons humans.
I mean, theres nothing wrong with bringing a knife to a gun fight, as long as youre not _only_ bringing a knife.
Maybe. But she sure will get “very disappointed” 
Steak? pork chops?   Im going with a no on this one. 
Youre forgetting those of us who dont even bother asking because we know theres no chance in hell were getting up in time to make it.
Your gross pay is like spinach before it's cooked, and your net pay is the spinach after it's cooked.
There’s a carnival everyday at my high school
/r/sixwordstories  DO NOT TOUCH, the braile read
See I work at McDonalds and you would think that I would get tired of McDonalds food, but now I just know how to make the craziest shit that tastes like heaven and looks like something that got scraped outta a dumpster. Like try replacing the beef on a Big Mac with McChickens, add two pieces of white cheddar, bacon on both levels, and a little bit of ranch sauce. Fucking delicious.
not even close.  its based on DNA, and that functions like a zipper with 3 pairs of teeth that alternate.
Wait. That’s illegal 
Fitbits are just like Tamagotchis, except the stupid little creature you have to keep alive is yourself.
Of course. Who cares if a pet is autistic?  /s
Coca-Cola too. They even had to abandon one of their original drugs to focus on the more legal one.
Opportunity will be waiting for us when we get to mars and revive him
Sometimes I wonder what kids think the world was like before the internet.
Congrats. You just sold me on ties. Gonna look weird without a collared shirt but people gotta know about this dick.
>We started out like Romeo and Juliet but it ended up in tragedy!  \- Milhouse
Winter is coming.
Shows with laugh tracks would be actually funny if the laugh track were replaced with the sound of just one guy laughing hysterically
Is water with nothing in it a soup, then?
EDSer here. Can confirm. Im in my 20s, relatively thin and most braces hurt more than they help me so I dont wear them.   Im sick and tired of some of the bus drivers in this city who give me a shitty look when I ask to lower the bus. Like my dude I would not be asking if I didnt need it and it takes you significantly less time to just do it than to use your body language to put me down.   One time I even had a guy (not the driver) scream at me because I scooted over to make room for an elderly woman to sit in the front of the bus instead of standing up. He wouldnt relent when I told him I was in pain, my joints are weak so i needed to sit, etc and I finally had to pull out my disabled bus pass that has picture id on it. He finally shut up when he saw that but not before saying you should have that out all the time. Lol because you shouldnt take people w invisible disabilities seriously, you should require everyone to carry a badge that confirms their disability 🙄  As a psa: never White Knight against someone you assume is normal using disability resources like handicap parking or the front of the bus. Youre more than likely harassing someone with an invisible disability, and we already has a rough enough time as it is. 
Mark my words: as soon as we have a stable, safe presence on Mars, one of the first non-essential things were going to do is head out and collect all of our rovers and put them in Mars first museum.
Files that don't move = happiness for CAD users
Its kind of like going to a bar and spending $5 on a beer but if you go to a store you hesitate to spend 10$ for a 6 pack. 
Every time you masturbate, there’s probably someone on Earth that is also masturbating with your strokes synchronized
No one really knows the time when the first clock was made
Wait is this about porn?
I read this while on the toilet 
Rocks are often seen as dull, pointless objects rather than millions of years in the making.
No, never has or will be. It remains those who can impose upon others, rules. 
Being Jr. or the Second is the real life equivalent of having to put numbers after a username.
Ok Ok Ok Ok Ok Ok Bye
Perhaps you are the cause of your own problem. You pretended to like carrots so your parents followed the lead to reinforce healthy eating. You continue pretending to like carrots so now your son does also so you are not disappointed. Only you can end this vicious cycle. There can only be one...
If there was a picture of every Joe in the world wed finally be able to see what the average Joe looks like
As someone with asthma: NO.   Actually if you gave me any sort of vaporizer during an asthma attack it is entirely possible that I could die
Someone could be making perfect counterfeit bills and no one would know
I just found it on my front page. Way to go buddy. Now you got something to tell the grandkids
I cant stand it when I get tailgated because of a slow car in front of me. But what really bothers me is that I know the large ass SUV can see Im not the slow one.  Riding my ass wont make the other person drive faster.   Edit: Im not even referring to highway traffic. I deal with the bullshit on one lane roads. 
I suddenly have the urge to travel
Man in physics, weve used every letter in the English alphabet, greek, multiple times, modifications thereof and even invented new symbols to name quantities and constants. Theres a shortage of symbols.
Know your market.  Whos more likely to download ridiculous toolbars or click on some garbage ad:   * Porn connoisseur whos spent his adult life navigating suspicious sites  * Your mom looking for a more exciting potato salad recipe
Whoa!  Must be Burt Reynolds or something..  Edit: I love Gold!!!
Assuming dogs even know what cops are
When I was little I would frequently forget about the 70s... 67-68-69-80-81-82 ect  Thats my story 
I have total body hyperhydrosis. My body tries to cool my brain down by emitting stuff that is called eccrine- not sweat, almost pure water. It’s worst in winter when I shiver my brain thinks I’m doing work and tries to cool me down, so the eccrine comes out, makes me colder, I shiver more etc. I might have to change clothes three four five times a day. The worst bit is other people see add touch me, go Urgh, that’s disgusting and wipe their hands on me. Or they say You’re sweating, why are you sweating, you must be an alcoholic, you must be on drugs, you must be hiding something, god have you seen this guy sweating, look at him, why are. . . . I can just be watching telly and BOSH I’m wet through. There is no medication or operation that can help. No one sees it as a handicap, many think it’s funny. And of course when it starts I get stressed and it makes it worse. If I’m in town, out with people I might be sitting in clothes i could wring out. I have to just suffer it. Suffer it is what I do. I’ve worked a lot in care and I know my problems, I have others, are nothing compared to some...still, I live alone.
$5 raw chicken sandwiches are the worst
Due to the fact that eyes can not focus on multiple things at the same time, you cannot look someone in the eyes, you can only look them in the eye
yeah, more of a safety thing than a style thing...
This seems like a showerthought that would come to Clark Kent while he was debating whether he should go with the mustache or just use the glasses. 
Aquaman is just shit
Thats why I do cocaine.  Its much cheaper and stronger than Starbucks.  
Treat your credit card like a debit card or youre an idiot. 
10 day break. Am now overlord of new bedroom civilization i have discovered.  Old world is now dead to me and not sure if i shall return.  Please send combo meals and i will sacrifice their wrappers to the netflix god. 
Its better to have loved and lost than to have those thoughts in your brain for the next 4 years.
They might have been able to save themselves if they had concentrated on keeping Craftsman and Kenmore quality brands at good prices.  They also used to provide great service.   People used to go to Sears just to buy these brands.  Instead, they decided to provide cheap products at the same price and coast on their reputation.
As someone who does this way too often, I’m going to keep telling myself those reassuring words I once read:  No matter how good or experienced you are at something, if you do it tens of thousands of times, you’re bound to mess up now and then.
i want whatever you’re on
 Animals have nipples too, so, no there are way more. 
I was 2 tables over at my brothers wedding 
It’s entirely possible that two random people on the internet have had a friendly conversation on one forum and later an aggressive hateful conversation on another forum, without ever knowing of their previous wholesome interaction.
Someone should Google this topic to find out more.
>posted by animeking1180  you cant script this shit
No one has ever killed themselves when really needing a wee
Kids endlessly asking why are actually applying the socratic method and stimulate adults to think critically.
Girls like Nicki Minaj must feel like they’re permanently sitting on a booster seat.
My Grandparents were married for 66 years. My grandpa developed dementia when he was about 91, and my grandma was diagnosed with stage IV pancreatic cancer shortly after her 91st birthday (when my grandpa was 92). My grandpa was in a home at this time as my grandma could no longer take care of him. 3 months after her diagnosis, on a Friday morning in December, she was checked into palliative care at a hospital. My grandpa was brought to see her that Sunday night. He didnt really understand what was going on, but he knew enough to whisper into her ear you were always better at finding our spot, so go find us a good one and Ill join you soon   My grandma died the following morning, and my grandpa just 9 days after that. His health had started declining over a year before her diagnosis. I truly believe he was waiting for her to go first. That is true love.
Why are we assuming that they need wings to fly? I imagine they would just kind of magically float in the air.
6 pounds 8 ounces, 21 inches!  Good job jim, where is it?  In the smoker.
I didnt forget.  Source: Am fat.
I recently bought a camera lens off eBay from China, they threw in a free fidget spinner and a note asking for positive feedback. Maybe they will become free advertising gimmicks that companies will give out forever more.
But interest rates on savings accounts are below inflation. 
I’m taking down that Harvey Weinstein poster from my wall..
Humans are really bad at recharging, it takes about 8 hours charge for 16 hours of use.
Damn this carbon based 3 dimensional state of being
I disagree
Riiiiight. Because instead of shopping with her totally chill future husband. My wife got to go shopping with her mother, my mother, and my moms bff. She found the dress she would ultimately buy in about 15 minutes ($150, my wife is low maintenance) but got to try on 20 other dresses that she had zero input on. And they had to go to 4 stores because you cant make such a big decision after going to one store.
To be fair, usually the pizza guy is there to accept the money for the pizza.
“A toddler is able to use a tablet not because he is a genius, but because the engineers who made the tablet and its software are geniuses” : One of my friends  Edit: Now it is more grammatically correct
That was posted yesterday...
Were actually astoundingly good at predicting the future in reasonable systems.  We can predict the movement of celestial bodies with a ridiculous degree of accuracy.  The Earth is just an enormously chaotic place with far too many variables for a short-lived human to ever really figure out.
Thank you! 
Why put it on a wall when you can put it on Reddit?
I thought this was r/shittysuperpowers. 
Me at 8 years old: When I grow up no one will tell me when I have to go to bed. Me at 33 years old: Ooo, theres an app that will analyze my sleep quality and patterns and alert me when my optimal bedtime is approaching.
Something tells me that this post isnt going to gain much traction. But it should. Its a vitally important thought.
Idk if it’s really coding tho. They just make the character in a program and incorporate it into the game
Ive actually done this.
I think they do, also its military slang, like jar head
The brain is the only organ that named itself by seeing another brain from another human.
As an adult, I no longer masturbate because Im horny. Its either to relieve stress or because im bored.
Ill be calling AT&T next week when my contract is up. Ill be telling them that Id like to cancel. Theyll offer to keep me in my promotion. I will say no. Theyll offer me more speed. Ill say yes.  This will be the 7th time Ive done the same thing since I got their internet service in 2009. 
Danny Trejo
Im going to teach people how to rock climb, with all that time people are gonna want to climb stuff 
[deleted]
Kinda like Hollywood hiding all the homeless people to make it look glamourous for a little while.
Joe rogan said it best. “If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.”
You don’t notice the hairs you don’t notice :P
Google quotes all Interstate Highways and Interstates as [60mph](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/maps/w36fpaNRvcI/6bIIhVj9PWwJ). Most people go faster (in light traffic).  ... Of course they also use all the data available for the current route, along with crowd-sourced traffic data and official speed limits as well.  Its kind of like setting your clock 5 minutes ahead. You still know your clock is 5 minutes fast, and account for it. I dont think that trick really works for anyone if theyre being honest with themselves.
[removed]
We also dont take grammar, grammar takes us.
Even if Im in person Im still talking to my impression of them theres just more detail to go on and its probably a little closer to their impression of themselves.
How you feel when you get a text from your crush is the same happiness your mum feels when she gets a text from you.
Endometriosis (as many other person). I sometimes cant move through the pain (if I try I passed out) but you know thats just your period, get your shit together 
Not many things say this is someone elses problem now more than a leaf blower does.
No matter what business it is now you can always tell when it used to be a Pizza Hut.
Sexually transmitted curse
You dont say. Oh wait, YOU DIDNT.  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9h0dx9/the_sinking_of_the_titanic_was_probably_a_miracle/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/9n8y9m/live_lobsters_on_the_titanic_probably_thought_it/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/94y7tg/the_sinking_of_the_titanic_must_have_been_a/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8zrdz9/the_titanic_was_a_miracle_to_the_lobsters_in_the/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/8vzfjc/those_lobsters_that_lived_in_the_first_class/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/82h57c/the_sinking_of_the_titanic_must_have_been_a/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/7kpnmh/when_the_titanic_sunk_it_must_have_been_a_miracle/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/24t7rx/the_sinking_of_the_titanic_must_have_been_a/?utm_source=reddit-android  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/796ne1/if_you_ever_get_sad_about_the_sinking_of_the/?utm_source=reddit-android  Theres quite a few more but you get the idea.
Relevant Vsauce!  https://youtu.be/nb0YoRMXIY0
Google maps local guide and business traveller here. My photos of beer lists, menus, bars and hotel rooms have over 5 million views in the last year.
We are the incomprehensible future for anyone in 1918, let alone 1018.
If someone possesses exclusively average qualities, that person is nowhere near average.
Regular dogs probably see police dogs and think Oh sh*t its the cops
cross ur eyes to look at both at the same time
DIY saves hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars. You just need hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars worth of equipment to do it.
(When your aunt comes over)  My height has doubled since the last time we met. 
Beef Raisin
Dc made superman way too overpowered and after realizing the fact, they decided to make his greatest weakness a literal rock just to overcome balancing issues!
Believe there would also be ballzieres with extra padding
Not quite.  Much like today, it seemed it was only after he discovered that he could.
I hate it because when I click on the Pinterest image it takes me to the site and doesn’t even provide the photo. It goes to Pinterest’s search area and you have to scroll to find the image you clicked on. 
For me it’s absorbing / refining
maybe the zombies are infected by a parasite that grows tentacles throughout the bodys limbs to move them.  it could eat the human flesh and become a walking skeleton before eating other animals
The real lesson in trickery
[deleted]
There needs to be a non-verbal, hyper realistic found footage film about surviving the zombie apocalypse in the city. No shitty clichés about grouping together, having the one funny black guy, or the hot girl who first hates the protagonist and then they love each other in the end.Just pure survival
Yeah, that kind of why theyre called tabs.
Automatic flush toilets rob you of the joy of turning around and admiring your accomplishment.
I feel like Reddit is trying to actively depress me by sending me this post as a notification. Wow thanks.
Lenny Montana played Luca brasi on the godfather was a tough guy I wouldnt wanna fuck with irl
If you ever wanna prank someone or just if you hate someone heres a fun tip. If you unscrew a fan cover and take the fan off and put it on backwards, the results are hilarious. 
Considering the ADA encompasses a number of disabilities this isn’t a logical argument. If it was the case, the law would only cover those who are blind. They’re only unnecessary to you because you don’t rely on them. Spend a day not being able to see and let me know how that goes for you. 
As a teacher, I crack up when students catch me referring to a colleague by their first name.  Me: “hey, Shannon, where’s the meeting second hour?”  Students: you call her Shannon? Are you best friends? Do you live together? Do you hang out all the time? 
*laughs in English*
Good to know...
Stephen Hawking did the same thing. He threw a party for time travelers, but only announced it after the party happened. Nobody showed up lol
Thats exactly what Siegfried and Roy did.  It was all well and good until a tiger almost killed Roy during a show.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siegfried_%26_Roy#Roy
Its also true in my country. I am really surprised
Penguins are just seal software running on bird hardware.
Its not just a girl singing that song though, its Eartha Kitt, the first Catwoman. *KAPOW*
Bleach does
I worked for Royal Mail for 5 years, and management kept saying that we used to be a letters company that also delivered parcels - but we were now a parcels company that also delivered letters. 
Wasnt it some lady singing Clair de lune?  Edit: Apparently it was a guy named [Scott de Martin ville](https://youtu.be/uBL7V3zGMUA). Start at 30 second mark.  Heres an [article](http://www.livescience.com/24317-earliest-audio-recording.html) regarding.
Waffles ARE diamonds 
Dude, you should smoke some DMT  Youre welcome
If you put a map of your country on the floor, there will be a point on the map that is touching the actual point it refers to
Thats waters work..
The main objective of golf is to play the least amount of golf.
6 hours recharge/ 18 hours use.... Version 1.30-1  The trick is to occasionally charge for an hour when battery is just low but not dead 
They say the brain is the most important organ in the body...but then I thought, Yeah, but look whos telling me that.  -some comedian
ITT I learned that my school was weird for not having empty tables in the lunch room. Seriously was impossible to eat alone, not enough tables and chairs. Or food, sometimes, come to think of it. I still remember the fear of not knowing which tables were taken and who would be cool to let me sit near. (We also werent allowed to leave the lunchroom. Not even for the bathroom. Beginning to think my school was more like a prison than anything resembling an education)
This is by far one of the grossest images and back story Ive put in my own head. 
When laundry powder manufacturers want clothes to appear “whiter than white” they add a trace of blue dye. When hair dye manufacturers want hair to appear blacker than black they add a trace of blue dye. Blue is both a white intensifier and a black intensifier.
Ayyy, thats my movement. I dont need to open an app and see motherfuckers on yachts only to feel like shit cause Im sitting here in the dark eating hot cheetos. Uh uh. Nope. Not for me.  
We make fun of clumsy cats and dogs, but some of them probably just need glasses and we cant know it.
And a smart microwave knows to beep quietly when you use it at 3 am.
Restaurants that post their menu on their website *without prices* really need to rethink it.  Edit: A lot of people are pointing out that drink menus do the same thing, and I have an anecdote.  I was at a local gastropub.  Real hip craft beer kind of place.  32 taps, always something different whenever you go in.  Anyway.... I ordered a 16oz Arsenal House pumpkin cider.  It was delicious.  I had another before the night was over.  When I got my bill, those ciders were $14 a glass!  If Im paying $14 for alcohol, it either better be a whole bottle of cheap hard stuff or a 4 pack of Southern Tier dessert beer.
Women must find Dad jokes attractive, or theyd be known as bachelor jokes
What is a metaphor? 
People who leave a mess on a toilet seat need more recognition, bring back the stocks and the pillory. 
The human beings can be considered as a parasitic infection, and natural disasters are just hosts immune response.
They should make a live action Atlantis. I loved that movie when I was a kid but it could’ve been better watching it now
Water is just unseasoned tea 
Gotta join the crowd now:  Minimum  Ha, that’s actually a pretty neat way of looking at it! 
I have it as my ringtone for this exact reason. A dude once blurted out when I got a call hey I know that tune! and then wouldnt explain what he knew it from when questioned by the rest of the group.
“Lazytown” was a show in which the protagonists promoted health and criticized unhealthy behavior, such as being on the internet all the time. Now the antagonist of the show is an icon to those who browse the internet all day
I just do it so the next person coming into the bathroom doesn’t think it was me who made a mess and left it!
I totally agree! Watching Zombie rip out guts ok but a butt crack? Seriously!
As soon as were born we start dying, so we might as well have a good time 
Its a special kind of gratification when the slow car youre stuck behind turns away, and you speed up to show the people behind you that you werent the one clogging up traffic.
Godwin in 3.. 2.. 1..
You dont say. 
You don’t get more bread, you get more slices of breads but you still have the same amount of bread 
On a similar thought, the word truth has lost all meaning. What one holds to be true is now more a matter of belief rather than a matter of fact. Any point that contradicts the story being told is regarded as the truth.
That is actually not true. As someone who had a lot of pet rats, these animals are incredibly susceptible to cancer. Probably majority of them die from cancer.
I mean a lot of running clothes do have purpose other than just looking like they are for running.  Dont catch sweat as easily, slimmer on the body, allow for more airflow, etc.
Moral of the story: Never sleep 
Same with pooping
Undercuts are like mohawks but without the commitment
Or better. Go to fridge at 3am. Hello Owner, I see you are looking for a late night snack. Unfortunately I regret to inform you there is nothing easily prepared that will suffice. However, based on your past snacking preferences I have predicted this and taken the liberty to order a pizza that will arrive in approximately 3 minutes
Excuse you? Fucking no. 
Itd be even cooler if the thing just blew the fuck up
Neither are fossil fuels, if you think about it.
Youve just peeled another layer off the English language onion I didnt know existed.
Its good to take your mind off things, but its not good to take your mind off problems
When a bird sings its song, and another bird responds with the same song, its basically a retweet.
Nope. Just light reflecting. 
Or LA Noire.  Suspect: I was home all day.  Me: *doubt*  Cole: *stands up, pointing at suspect* ARE YOU LYING TO THE POLICE?!
Everyones butt would be much smaller if we actually LMAO.
My dog used to tap the doorknob when she wanted to go outside. It was something she started doing on her own, and we just understood each other after a while. Id see her do that, say, You want to go outside?! Shed get all excited, sneeze a yes, and depending on how badly she needed to go out she would either stamp her feet and hop by the door, or shed prance from the door to the edge of the living room and then back to the door to tap the doorknob again.  I miss my dog. She was so smart and kind. Part of our family for something like 14 years. 
[deleted]
The future is every outlet having multiple USB ports. 
Vacations are a lot more work than just staying at home
Tragic. 
Santa baby is a satire on women who want the world from their men, which is why she includes Santa baby, I want yacht, and really thats not a lot. Which is also why the Ariana Grande cover was so bad, because she told it from the perspective of one of the women that was being satired, even changing the line to and really thats not a lie
If they’ve always smelt like that, I am sure we would have evolved not to have minded it or even like it
Man, really makes you think about what those poor ginger little people are dealing with today.
Every year on the calendar we pass our future death anniversary.
You know what they say about a fool and their money.
Somebody should do an r/theydidthemath on this one.
The brain is the most important organ in your body according to the brain
34 y/o here, just switched to Low Power Mode to conserve life.
No but they are grunts 
Jokes on him.  Ill fucking ruin his life.
I would argue the mullet is still the mullet of the millennials. I see some ppl rocking it 
Its entirely about balance.  When you spend the whole week alone watching TV its the worst thing to be alone doing more of it.  When you never get to do it at all, its the best thing for you.  All things in moderation.
Prepare to see Elon Musks car as an Easter Egg floating in the background of Sci-fi movies.
Every car on Earth is in fact... in space.   Edit: While I agree everyone knew OP meant outside Earths atmosphere I was simply adding that the “outer” space we usually refer to and the space you , I, and our cars occupy are the same space. Just highlight how fucking awesome it is to be on this space trip with all y’all flying through infinity for an inconsequential but enjoyable sliver of time. Thanks u/BronzeInKorea22 for the post that got me my most up’d comment!
[deleted]
The true mark of adulthood is when your parents no longer schedule your Dr appointments so instead you just don’t go and hope you don’t die.
Since i have a feedback account my self esteem dropped and i learn that a lot of people fucked my mother apparently.
Succubabies
Everyone always worries about how a small action can change the present if they go back in time but no one thinks about how they could change the future in the present
You know how manu average people there are in the world? Its not unique
Except I cant become a great pianist.   I took 6 years of lessons and still nope.
A shower thought in its purest form.
Inner child: It wont get very far. There are a lot of bad guys in space and I didnt see a laser mounted on that car.
Ill randomly look around the classroom. Then, some girl turns around or makes a sudden movement, and I reflexively look at her. She looks at me. I look away. Now it seems like I was staring at her the whole time, god damnit.  Honestly I cant count how often this happened to me.
This makes me think of those crosswalk buttons.     Even though I doubt they do anything I still press the button like fifty times.  
I took multiple Befores that had no afters. I let myself down so often, that when I started again 2+ years ago, I didnt bother with a before because I knew it wouldnt last.  Here I am 70 lbs lighter and off blood pressure meds and now I cant show it off.
Especially as you begin to age and only the worst fish your age are getting thrown back.
Telling someone they look better with a beard is basically saying they look better the less you can see their face.
What if you watch it twice and blink at different intervals the second time?
Oh shiit
I once worked right next to the stages where “Chuck” filmed (American TV comedy about spies). One day when I was walking past, two huge dudes who were in wardrobe and looked like they were playing some sort of “tough guy” guards were standing there. I looked their way and they gave me the most genuine, friendly “Hi, how are you?” and I still almost ran away in fear. 
In 50 years, theyll be able to rerun How its made by simply changing the title to How it was Made
Im the same fucking way with tape :/
You also are never truly in the same place twice in comparison to the entire galaxy
Sunny D tastes like someone made a bet that they could make orange juice without oranges
“Setting the bar low” is an insult to pole vaulters but a compliment for limbo enthusiasts
We see vegetables grow in gardens all the time, but never in the wild.
My mom has worked in retail for many years and still has no patience.   Edit: she was also a waitress in her younger days too. 
Jeez. Lol. Thanks. Made my day. * Looks for razor 
When your GPA is low, it’s an indicator that you may not be cut out for the job you want. But when it’s high, it “doesn’t matter in the real world.”
Reddit.exe is preventing this computer from shutting down...
Next time you are asked bone in or boneless? Ask for the bones on the side. 
I hate to be a stickler but its more likely that its the Fungi pulling the strings, since they do the decomposing.  Plants and animals die, Fungi devours us all.
Van Halens teacher turns 67 later this year and had Ms. Robinson  not died 13 years ago would be turning 87.
There’s a great [Mental Floss article](http://mentalfloss.com/article/29011/why-are-letters-abc-order) about this, well worth a read
Ironically, beating up someone just for being a Nazi would actually be a hate crime.
At the age of 60, Snoop Dogg will be 420 in dog years
Even better: Have you ever seen two mirrors opposite each other that reflect each other reflecting each other reflecting each other …? It looks like a tunnel going into infinity, except your head is always in the way. A vampire would be able to enjoy it fully.
Ideally, yes.
Blow us a tune, youre the harmonica man.  Blow us a tune tonight.  Well were all in the mood for some mouth harp.  And youve got us feeling all right.
The Office shows us that interesting characters and good writing matter much more than a good setting.
Witnessing a violent volanic eruption is as terrifying as it is majestic.
[Oh come on, august wasnt that long ago...](https://www.google.se/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/967yzg/cats_probably_wonder_why_soda_cans_shout_f_off/)
Hidden from view? I guess you dont order 150 lbs of cat litter on prime now and watch the amazon courier haul that shit up the steps to your door. 
A fantastic shower thought.  If only you could die and respawn after each pee where you fucked up.
Milkshakes are just liquid ice-cream
I hate you for making me think about this
This made me laugh. But they’d be better off doing it like a slot machine.  1/50 accounts uses the “right” algorithm. The other 49 use the “near match” algorithm.
I have a fairly clear recollection of the steps along my 80 years, especially the ever more feeble ones which indicate that everything is winding down. 18 year old me is like a distant planet, yet things I started then I am still working through, the same goals seem to float before me. 
Pixar is the version of Disney that just wants to tell the story without people singing every 10 minutes.
The pool on the Titanic is still full.
I agree dogs shouldnt be on the streets but horses dont have it easy they get mistreated just like dogs and those free horses have tiny and dwindling land to be free. And tend to have many human made dangers like getting hit by cars pollution and lack of food from said pollution. 
Cucumbers can be good food and a good time
#Its the pedal on the right, fuckface. Fucking push it.
We all want what we dont have.
I spent 3 months in Ireland and I still get ads from Irish companies even though I’ve been back in the US for 2 months
The Onion might go bankrupt because they cant compete against the reality now
During nighttime youre basically standing in the shadow of the earth
We all inherently know the dangers of mixing water and electricity, this advice comes from a brain which is 73% water and contains a hundred billion electrically conductive wires
If there was an award for never winning an award, no one could win it. I think.
I mean... if you got a penis you can knock that cause it gets hard like wood.
The taller you get, the harder it is to pee standing up
How does lesbians lose their virginity.
I trained up my maid class so much, Im sure Ill clean up in the end game....
Invalid
I like to think of it as an information-nado...with sharks in it.  Sure, its not a good or accurate metaphor, but its a great mental image.
Anakin has already paid an arm and some legs for all of this.
The period of the World Wars began and ended when an Austrian got shot. Coincidence?
No. No one knows you have them and you dont have them to impress anybody. 
Yeah, my dog cant read signs anymore.
buzzfeed is prob the most reliable news source amirite??
Idk about wearing anything inside out, but you sure are wearing that joke out. 
I eat my vegan wife twice a week.
If video games go fully VR in a few years, with headsets and treadmills commonplace, the cliche body type for nerds and geeks might become strong quads and six packs
My dog thinks oh shit! A new butt to sniff
Wife walks in on husband with another woman  Husband: She told me she was you on poly!
Oh I know. 😉
Would it be like two people’s dreams combining and them meeting each other? If so, then I can imagine it would be embarrassing if the weird situations/environments dreamt up would be perceived by the other person.
Vegetables.. therefore vegans can eat them!
Nice try Russell, now get on with your homework.
Network speeds may vary if you have fibre. 
*Your assertion is very funny, have an upvote, fellow human*
The worst are groups of cocky teens with their friends. No parents to keep em in line so I have to be the guy to tell some annoying 16 year old whose been cackling and shouting stupid shit all night to STFU. Its ruined theaters for me.
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/MXw7coU.png)  I hope you like it
Except it would probably be rich Western people who would get tigers as pets. The ones making huge families (ie increasing the world population at such a rapid speed) are mostly poor people from developing countries.
And the screams.
Yep its a great feeling and it feels the same when you arent booked on the schedule to work Saturdays anymore. So essentially I feel like a kid in school again having Saturdays off as if I was a kid in school since it was my favorite day of the week growing up.
Being at a strip club is like being at the dolphin show at sea world. I want to enjoy it, but I just feel bad for them.
In these kinds of situations, its best to rely on your senses. Here are 5 easy steps you can use to check your current Walmart customer status.  Step 1: Listen carefully. Do you hear a beeping sound when you try to maneuver backwards?  Step 2: Observe. On a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being societally acceptable and 10 being unexplainably wet hair, a spaghetti-strap tank top and unwashed pajama pants, how are you dressed?  Step 3: Feel your surroundings. How tightly is the person shopping behind you pinned to the store shelf?   Step 4: Tasting anything in a Walmart should be an immediate red flag.  Step 5: Smell. The least reliable of the 5 senses at a Walmart. Lets just say a familiar smell doesnt bode well.  Best of luck, shopper!  
Everybody be quiet back there or this car is gonna turn itself around.
Apparently I can look forward to a lifetime of dating NodeJS developers and people who are still trying to figure out how to get Ubuntu to boot on obscure Chinese single-board computers.  *I love the rich fullness of your neckbeard,* I whispered. *Tell me again how youd configure eth0 for maximum throughput on a gigabit Ethernet ... Oh baby, Im in callback heaven ...*
I skipped mine. I think my mom wanted me to walk though.  Neither of us were going to pay the $200 fee just to walk...that was not including cap and gown. So we all went to IHOP.
Huh. I should yell this out the next time Im at a birthday party. You know, spread the word and such.
Sadly, its not even just binge watching. 
They have phones in booths now?
[deleted]
Well if he has enough prep time
Its all about sex.  When the precieved risk of sex is low to nil the comments threat level is low to nil.  As the possibility of sex rises so does the un-okayness (making up words is fun) of a comment.
Swimming with dolphins in pools is basically dolphin trafficking
*shudders*
If you made a vodoo doll of yourself and sat on it you would never be able to get back up again.
plus, the barking works, the mailman always leaves, so that reinforces the behavior too.
Im about to go to bed. I did not need this right now. Im freaking out.
Bach Schubert Overdrive
I just realized that whenever I hear a ... walk into a bar joke, Ive been picturing the same bar my whole life. I wonder if it exists somewhere or if its just a mesh of different bars I saw on tv as a kid.
The record company refused to let Billy Joel call it Mouth Organ Man like he wanted to.
Fuck that. If humanity ever decides to look past its short-term pocket book and we all become immortal, we are going to space, baby!
Almost like it has to do with instincts. 
Wouldnt it be watch boy?  Just like Mr. Conan OBrien, OBrien is the last name / family name.
With how many streaming services there are it won’t be long before someone bundles them all together and we end up with Cable TV again.
My sister got really into geneology and did the 23 and me thing a while ago, no real shocking results or anything but it was neat. Then a few months later, a lady gets in contact with us after she did it and found matches in the database or however it works. Turns out my grandpa had himself an affair way back in the day, and shes the result. My dad went and told his mom and siblings, but not my grandpa because hes pretty far along with alzheimers. Shes a great lady, and frankly we like her a lot better than my dads full blooded sister; shes basically my parents best friend now, so it turned out pretty well in the end.
Most people who are called mad scientists are in fact mad engineers and inventors. 
Getting used to it is a choice that can be made. Most people choose not to get used to it.
If you work night shift, youre pissed because you have to wait until 11am to buy alcohol. By then youre too tired and just want to sleep.
Surgeons generally only do body work though. 
For every successful “before and after” weight loss image there must be thousands of hopeful “before shots” that never made it to a celebratory post.
And the dissociation that can come after is like trying to figure out if the rest of the news is genuine or not.  Source: Am currently suffering mild dissociation.
My mom will try and talk to me during important cutscenes.
I thought this every day in high school.
if youre 25 and single in 1918, youre either in a trench or a munitions factory.
If you see matrix backwards its about how Keanu Reeves leaves drugs to get a stable job in a company
Youd think that but then it means the same thing for us and u dont see me getting off the couch any time soon
I have a dear friend that has 6 fingers on each hand. I asked him not to make a big deal about it when meeting my 6 year old son. Well, as friends are known to do, the first thing he did was show his hands to my son. Hours later my son told me “mom, Kelly can count to 12”.  Says it all. 
Thats like on the rare occasions I actually talk to my mother. Shes like dont repeat this to your aunt, but.... And I have to tell her you mean my aunt who I havent spoken to in 15 years and whose number I dont know?  And also I dont care what youre about to say?  No problem 
My science teacher explained it as some kind of an error in the brain that makes it trick itself into believing thats it has seen the particular scenario before when it actually hasnt. This is why you cant reflect on Deja Vu until youve actually experienced it.
If Tom Hanks takes part in this rape shit Im gonna be pissed
Much, much closer to the truth than anyone wants to admit.   Short haul pilots are so underpaid its a fucking joke.
A couple reasons this happens.  One, there are too many illegal lightsabers on the streets and they get in the wrong hands. Two, while there are a lot of responsible saber owners, there are those handling them who havent taken safety courses and think of them as a toy rather than a self defense weapon.  I have my concealed lightsaber permit, and I recommend everybody goes to the range at least once in their lifetime to responsibly (and safely) destroy some piñatas.  
When you drop a lego model you create hundreds of tiny land mines capable of taking down giants
It took me 19 years to figure out I was a Valentines baby. (Born on Nov 14)
This went deep.
Once got dumped on a Tinder date, because she found a hotter single during our dinner conversation.
When we sleep, our brains have enough power to generate its own reality in dreams. When we’re awake, it doesn’t have enough power to remember why we walked into a room.
Lets not talk about the Simpsons 
My physics teacher would do this thing once a week or so in which wed all have to pretend he was our grandma and have us answer complicated quantum physics questions to him.  Not gonna lie, it really highlighted how much I relied on buzzwords at the start.
Historians of the future are going to have an incredible amount of material to work with for the past two decades. Every time I bring it up people keep pointing out “data rot” but there’s such a ridiculous abundance of data that even just a small fraction of it surviving will still be more than historians ever get to work with. Not to mention that a lot of data gets converted and maintained through projects like the Internet Archive.
why less about that?  slow and steady does win races where endurance is crucial
But it still makes you sit through the same cut scene  Dormammu, Ive come to bargain.
Even more literal when you consider he thought a lot of it up in the trenches of the first world war.
Didnt you hear??  New Discovery revealed Goofy was actually a cow. 
Fuck you and your ocean floor agenda 
No u
Movie theaters should charge babies as adults to deter people from bringing them.
For those who doubt, a trip to the bottom can be arranged..
Its like what Andy Warhol said about Coca-cola. He loved that presidents and kings cant get a better can of Coke than you can.
Sleep is a free trial for death while the dreams serve as ads.
Well you might have friends, but they have no interest in the one game you like.
Quick! Everyone post tortoise pics to disprove OP! 
Anchovies give their deliciousness to many things. See Worcestershire Sauce, Caesar Salad, etc
Dude word for word come on man:  https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/4w1rgn/the_laws_that_we_are_supposed_to_be_aware_of_and/  
Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons.
I do WED-NES-DAY
Idk about you but I pay $60 a month for home Internet and $100 a month for cellphone Internet. This shit ain’t free. 
Flat-Earthers are not smart enough to run any sort of con
Thats why I skipped mine. Just send me the damned piece of paper in the mail. 
Somewhere in China theres a warehouse filled with millions of fidget spinners and a company about to go bankrupt.
Idk in alot of zombie books its explained that the virus has an embalming effect on the corpse. That way it wont decompose very quickly and animals will either smell it and avoid it, or take a bite and get violently sickor die.
People sometimes dont like to eat bread heels, but they are perfectly ok with hamburger buns which is technically the same thing.
Have you ever heard of dry ice?
In a certain sense, our bodies are chefs preparing a meal for our toilets to eat daily
Sometimes they let me wear the dunce cap
This happens at punk rock concerts, and sometimes at sports games. But instead of dudes screaming at the band, they scream at each other and shove everyone around 
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
Favorite pirate joke-   A man is on his first brutal day as a crewman of a pirate ship. He is swabbing the decks, heaving ropes,  and emptying pisspots. All the horrible jobs delegated the new sailor.   Then out onto the deck steps the meanest, crustiest, saltiest pirate captain you can imagine. Hes got a peg leg, an eyepatch, a hook for a hand, a parrot on his shoulder, a long beard, a gold ear ring, and a saber at his side.   The new sailor is awestruck. He nudges a fellow sailor and and asks who he is.   Thats the captain. Hes the fiercest pirate on all the seas.  Wow! How did he lose the leg?  Crocodile in the waters of Africa. He killed it with his bare hands.  WOW! How did he lose the hand?  Shark took it in the Caribbean. He killed it with the one good hand.  WHOA! How did he lose his eye?  A bird shit in it.  Ummm... What? He lost his eye from that?   Yep. First day with the hook.  Edit- typo 
I know its wrong, but I still picture a washing machine.
Also, Ross and Rachel is a terrible love story.    Monica and Chandler is the true one.
There is always one set of clothes missing from your closet/ wardrobe
Do I make you bored baby! Yeah baby, yeah!
A penny saved is actually more valuable than a penny earned because you dont pay taxes on it.
Its normally pretty much right.. have you looked at page 2 lately? Never worth it. 
If you die and get reincarnated, what are the chances that you even go back to earth.
What kinda weird shit are you getting into thats on the second page?  
I think a green apple is the Luigi to a red apple
They have a great H. Arrr department.   Edit: A gold doubloon ! Thank you anonymous pirate!   Edit 2: DOUBLE DOUBLOONS! 
r/me_irl is keeping track of Wednesdays, my dude
Damn. That’s fucking sad.
Like if you crey everytim
You got the stuff? Yeah I got the 2016 stuff bro
Yet he never learned sarcasm. Somehow R2 was Comedy Central, full of jabs and quips and whatnot but C-3P0 was Mr Literal all the time. 
I know everyone has a different order. Phone, cigs, wallet, keys while slapping myself all over.
The reason recreational drugs are popular is because they work.
Because youre gonna put that shit in your fridge and let it go way past the use/freeze by date, then go buy a chicken sandwich from Wendys, because fuck cooking right now, Im tired and I just got off a 12 hour shift.
Anchovies are the bacon of the sea.
And R2 is frantically trying to get people to stop repeating history but no one actually understands him
High school sweetheart? It fits, but would married his best friends little sister be more accurate?
One time I walked past an office and they had a young intern working facing the window. She had on a t-shirt that said Degrassi Junior High which was a popular television show in Canada in the 80s. This was in Scotland so I stopped and stared because I was surprised to see a Canada reference. She also had huge boobs. She caught me (random dude) staring through the window at her shirt so to explain my actions, I mimed pointing to my t-shirt area and pointing at her t-shirt area and giving her the thumbs up. She interpreted that sign language as fabulous titties, miss and angrily gave me the finger. Mortified, I panicked, shook my head, blushed, and mimed reading the actual words on her shirt. She understood, panicked, brought her hand to her mouth, also blushed, mouthed Im sorry and came out of the office and we had a huge frantic apology session right there on the sidewalk. Canadians abroad. So good. 
My employer treated me just like family: after being with them for 18 years, they kicked me out!
Trees can’t see.
Experienced this yesterday. Luckily got the double 👍🏻
Coming into it with the premise that everyone has problems makes it a little easier 
I never watched multiple series 1500+ hours... 
Lol it’s the exact opposite in the Netherlands. I’m pretty sure only violence, gore, and stuff like that affects ratings.
In case no one has already said so- a very long time ago they did share their magic with muggles, especially healing magic. But growing anti magic sentiments, as well as anti muggle/blood purists lead to the international statute of wizarding secrecy being established in the late 17th century.   Basically, the witch burning craze of the 1600s terrified and angered the wizards so much, they stopped helping the muggles, and went into hiding for their own safety.     EDIT: I wrote this on mobile, so Im expanding on it a bit now that Im on my computer. First, [this](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/International_Statute_of_Wizarding_Secrecy) and [this](https://www.pottermore.com/features/how-do-wizards-keep-themselves-so-secret-from-muggles) are some of my sources- this second link is to pottermore, which Rowling contributes to regularly. (or she used to)  Second- some quotes for the lazy By the seventeenth century, wizard-Muggle relations were at their worst. Ever since the early fifteenth century, the persecution of witches and wizards gathered pace all over Europe, making many in the wizarding community feel, and justifiably so, that offering to aid their Muggle neighbours with their magic was tantamount to volunteering to fetch the firewood for ones own funeral pyre: many witches and wizards were locked up and sentenced to death on the charge of witchcraft.  While some (such as Lisette de Lapin in 1422) managed to use magic to escape, others like Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington **(NEARLY HEADLESS NICK)** in 1492 were not as lucky and were immediately stripped of their wands. Wizarding families were particularly prone to losing younger family members, whose inability to control their own magic made them noticeable, and vulnerable, to Muggle witch-hunters.   The International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy has been the source of a contentious debate in wizarding society, namely because people have asked whether wizards should be the ones living underground. Carlotta Pinkstone, for instance, campaigned to have the statute repealed in the early twentieth century; she was imprisoned numerous times for performing spells in front of Muggles, and telling them the truth about magic. Other wizards practised more violent and extreme measures, the most famous of whom was Dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald. His campaign of terror was partly motivated by his dream of overthrowing the Statute of Secrecy and leading wizards out of hiding. 
As somebody who just lost their parents insurance TODAY....this hits pretty hard.
[Space vampires wouldnt be much of a problem anyway.](https://i.imgur.com/Prq3e98.png)
And when some of those friends from different groups start hanging out without you they create a spinoff
exCUSE ME
Or they want to bone you
What about mouldy ass hats that put the poop in a bag and then leave it there? Its way worse than just leaving the poop.
Ive purchased thousands of pens, entirely used up maybe two in my life, and possess two right now. Where are the other thousands? 
My dad was into rock and metal in the 70s and 80s. As was my older brother, who was a teen back then. One time, he asked our dad to drive him to an AC/DC concert. He did so, let my brother and his friends out at the entrance, waved good bye, and then drove around the block once, parked his car, and went to the concert himself. He just didnt want to embarrass my brother in front of his friends by getting out together and going with them.
That’s a bizarre generalization on both parts
Since your internal voice doesn’t have to breath, you can scream internally forever
When reading a book, a chapter is a checkpoint save while a bookmark is a quick save.
[removed]
Aquaman is just water-Thor
At least something in my life wants to pull me closer instead of pushing me far away.
Out of sight = somebody else’s problem. 
Wait, why is Jensen Ackles here? Donna??
Sometimes Ill just read half, stick a bookmark in and come back later. 
Or if they were deadpool
Its not gambling because you have to re-roll if you get doubles.  Its not a choice.  It is gambling if you choose to roll instead of paying the fine to get out.
Were forced to use it at work. But only for some things. Other things only work on Chrome, and some others on Firefox.  I work for a very large company, with some very inept IT managers.
Prisoners on death role should be given the option to live out their lives as test subjects. Win-win for all. They get more time and the medical community gets research.
If I see you here again, Ill fucking CUT YOU!  Thanks doc.
It just sucks that some of the greatest minds have a hard time communicating, and some of our greatest communicators are downright charlatans. 
Think about all those 1/25th and larger Alien toys 👽 
Mom, can I have a puppy? Nope Fine, then youll never get any grandkids
The first few generations of machines were polluters, natures enemy. The new-gen machines focused on cleanup and green energy are potentially natures savior.
A drink brand is successful when it’s seen on the side of the road.
Edgier than a knife
As a kid, carnival rides are scary because they’re fast. As an adult, carnival rides are scary because you’re worried about their maintenance.
...and the millions who got in with only a year to spare, will look like yoda for centuries.
Thinking about divorce in the shower.. you okay OP?
Theres no evidence suggesting dinosaurs roared, they couldve spoke in perfect German for all we know.
Harry Potter sex toys must be bonkers
Buy your pet its own pet named Pet. Then you can pet your pets pet Pet.
Im lucky to be broke at a time when minimalism and sustainability are in style.
How *inner* thoughts become *outer* thoughts?
I worked in a (small) casino for over a decade and I cant tell you how many times Ive seen people refuse to leave their terminals during a fire alarm.
He was always a villain 
Shared dreaming sounds super cool in theory, but in actuality it would probably be disturbing and embarrassing.
We also lucked out that our hands can reach our genitals... 
Ok listen to this crazy fucking “we are living in the future” shit.    I’m Brazilian but grew up in the US.   My family in Brazil are farmers/ranchers that live IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, literally they didn’t have grid electricity until 2015, their closest neighbor is over 10km away and the closest town is a half-day drive.    My mom was visiting last year, and they were in the nearest town (a town that you can ONLY reach by boat or plane from the larger outside world.)  While they were walking and shopping in town, a purse snatcher hit my mom and took her purse which had her wallet, passport, and phone.   My sister calls me, tells me about it.   Turns out the criminals were stupid enough to try to use the phone multiple times, so “find my iphone” located them.    So I tell my mom “Tell the police it is on such and such street near the intersection of such and such. “   So my mom goes there with the cops, but it’s basically a shanty town. Mom calls and says “There are lots of houses here, we don’t know which one. “  Then literally fucking google street view was active, in this MIDDLE OF NOWHERE TOWN. Blew my fucking mind.   So i looked around in street view  and called her and said, “it’s the house with a yellow gate.”   Cops knocked on the door, went in, recovered her wallet, passport, and phone.   I’m fucking a thousand miles away and in real-time found the specific location of criminals in some obscure, rural fucking town in the middle of nowhere in the Amazon.   By using Google. 
We all hate ads on the internet when actually they allow us to use pretty much a everything for free.
I am a full blown adult. I can now buy the expensive Lego sets that younger me only dreamed of. Also firearms and liquor.
Dont you mean that theory that says that it does not matter how effective an illness is, at least 1% of human population will be immune? 
On the other hand, it sucks when you dream that something really cool happens and then you wake up and realize that it didn’t really happen.
Maybe dogs bring home sticks because that was bred into them over millennia of humans needing wood for fires
I once read a reddit comment/post where they wanted to purchase a forest and make a family cemetery forest where their dead family members would make the trees grow. I’ve always thought that was a lovely thought.
If dreams fool the majority of the population when we are sleeping, then it really shows how gullible we really are if our own brain can trick us that easily.
Headphones are like ad blockers. I get to pretend I don’t hear them. 
No.  Having both been shot with an arrow and stabbed, I have to disagree.  Getting shot with an arrow is WAY worse. 
Only in one direction, otherwise its terrible.
I tried this once, I got to a state where I could see my desktop, but couldnt run anything..
r/unexpectedfurry
There won’t be any negative comments on online shop that sells parachute
You either die a beloved celebrity, or live long enough to be accused of sexually inappropriate behaviour.
Well. This insect buzzing around is a UFO.  I dont know what type it is.
I don’t mind rating or writing a review..: once. But I’m sure there have been a few apps that ask me to rate them multiple times. And that is the really annoying part 
Writing was invented in 3200 B.C. so it only took us 4764 years.
Damn dude. You just fucked me right up.... 🤯
*shopping for baby formula* THREE SIX NINE
Ahhh, the age old philosopy Strangers are just people who you dont hate yet
This would be a great prank. But doesnt google/siri recognise your voice?
The olympics is the only time when you hear Great execution by North Korea and it seems okay.
They must have hit the D instead of the M, didn’t even realise till just now!
My local hospital has a very basic menu, but its pretty damn good. They even had a special meal for my husband and I after I gave birth there. Unfortunately I was so sick with exhaustion and anxiety I could barely eat, but my husband enjoyed his steak and potatoes and my dessert. 
Strap a wand to a tape recorder playingAvada Kadavra on repeat and youve got yourself a machine gun there
Hiccups are caused by the diaphragm 
Did you think of this after watching the recent vsauce video?
A tie is just a big arrow pointing at your genitals.
cogito, ergo sum.
Verb is a noun
Scientists have two jobs: figuring out how the world works, and figuring out how to explain it to morons.
The worst is when they think the truth is you lying and thus make you lie to admit the thing
And floors to keep our food off the dirt.
Its entirely possible to survive a gunshot wound.
Wtf are you talking about?
A drink brand is successful when it’s seen on the side of the road.
I never experienced bullying in high school because of eating alone. In fact, when I did eat alone a lot of kids that I never talked to would come by and invite me to their table. I was content by myself, but that was an incredibly kind gesture. I didnt even go to that great a school, it was actually pretty bad.
Unicorns are just wizard horses 
The still life paintings during the Renaissance were more studies on spacial construction of 3D objects on a 2D surface and the observable effects of light on those ordinary objects. Those guys were smart. Most pictures of food today are just because somebody bought a fancy bagel for $10.95.   Sorry to just piss on his whole parade though
Years from now 90s kids will be the only ones that remember what it was like to be alive during 9/11
bahaha  i lived with one, she was really cool  made me realize its not too difficult to make a dish vegan
No matter how nuanced your argument, no matter how articulately you clarify your perspective, one little typo and youve lost all crediblit
Notice how the friends that never text you back are the ones always on their phones when you see them
And well never know since hes been in a weed induced time-lock for decades now
If pigs could fly I bet their wings would taste delicious
But then 7 years later accusations surface and the Best Picture is stripped and given to Moonlight
I’m sure most dudes magically engorge their members in secret. Nobody would ever know unless you made it unrealistic
[removed]
The genie burst and you collect loot and move on
So your saying if I turn my time upside down I die
1.6 Billion swipes per day.  26 million matches per day.  Conversion ratio goes does down quickly from there.  
Or theres half a chicken walking around feeling unfulfilled with her life. 
I always just assumed it was because I never get in fights irl, so my body doesnt know what its supposed to feel like.  I also used to run like molasses in dreams until I started jogging in the real world, now I dream-run normally
For almost every game ever created, someone had to code the butts and crotches of the characters into the game
[removed]
Thats it Timmy, were taking away your credit card. 
Waffles stand strong in the face of adversity, firmly holding their ground.
He’d turn into a geodude
If he knew he’d definitely have programmed it to never hit a corner
Nah, I’m the 1 in 100.
Studying physics is essentially being taught a simple structure, and then told ”actually, scratch that, the truth is actually far more complicated” over and over again until we reach the point where we still don’t know the truth, only that we do not have it.
Lickety Split. 
Could also be used for some kinky sex shit. God whats wrong with me.
Your skull doesn’t have a facial expression. Your flesh just moves around it.
I thought they were Belgian the more you know
I definitely don’t want to live
I need another cup. 
Whining about having a jet lag is quite literally like complaining that the world does not revolve around us.
Uh oh.  Missed a payment?  Better leave a bunch of glitter bombs in the car so when it drives itself back to the dealer/bank they will have a mess to deal with.  Disclaimer: I don’t advocate doing this, but there will be people who do.
If tomato is a fruit..
Fun fact: if you order a soy vanilla latte, you can technically call it a 3 bean soup
brb recording a post-rock album called Off the Southern Coast of Antarctica
The DARE program taught me more about how to do drugs than my degenerate friends ever did. 
Well.. we know what you just did in the shower to trigger this thought ;)
Dating is explaining yourself until the other person *stops* being interested in you. 
Pretty sure its from back in the day when marriage was a political exchange and the people getting married didnt know eachother 
Imagine being born on the Titanic and when the ship sinks everyone blames you.
I often tell my kids, “It’s ok for people to be wrong.” When you are wrong, that’s ok. You have an opportunity to learn something and become right again. When someone else is wrong, they too have that opportunity. Don’t get mad if they don’t seize their opportunity. It’s their loss, not yours.  Edit:  There are many times that someone else being wrong has a more substantial impact on our life and the lives of other people. In these situations, we dont back down to be a bigger man. In these situations we have other tools we can use, including but not limited to: communication, love, understanding, sympathy, negotiation, compromise, and collaboration.  Edit:  Thank you kind stranger for the gold!
So... which app is that?
So if there is infinite universes, one would have Danny De Vito as black widow in the MCU
the reason why mexican food is so good. is cause its all a taco.
Would be interesting if one has to go to prison, like how is it gonna work out for the other twin?
Imagine if masturbating felt like getting tickled...
I just snorted, which is basically a nose shart.   You may have my upvote. 
Also because Hagrid is woefully incompetent. His idea of a fun class project is an illegal cross of firecrabs and manticores (which is not only dangerous but fairly useless for any kids who would go into a field involving magical creatures other than arresting illegal breeders like Hagrid), hes prone to letting confidential information slip to blokes down the pub or students, and he holds a position as a teacher despite not even being a qualified wizard of any sort.
The war on drugs would pivot to a war on counterfeit books.    You would drive into seedy areas, where a guy would walk up to your window and ask you if youre lost.    Youll respond with: My friends Young, Freedman & Lewis Ford are into Modern Physics. Know where I can find something of interest?    The guy will peek into your car, look around at the other people inside, then look back at you and nod. Youll shake his hand, handing him a $100 bill as you do so. The guy will stand back up and whistle. Then tell you to drive down the alley and around the corner.    You drive slowly down the alley and around the corner and see a large man holding a brown paper bag with something rectangular shaped in it. You slow down, roll down your window, and look up at him. He looks down and nods as he hands you the item.    Then he moves his hand back and swings, hitting you square in the face with, what you can only assume, is the 2016 edition of the thick hardcover textbook. Youre out cold, with blood pouring out of your broken nose. Your friends in the car scream, the guy takes out a gun and shoots them, one by one, between the eyes.    Counterfeit textbooks kill. Stay off the streets.    EDIT: My first Reddit gold! Thank you kind stranger :)
thats why you wash your wiener in the sink when youre done! ^_^
Because the scarers work is high-skilled labor.  The actual factory workers (like Mike) werent revered in any way.
So cars are alcoholics?
Horrifically over priced with Shit service.  I called for a steam clean quote on 700 sq Ft. They wanted $600 plus an extra $200 if there was a pet living there. I had someone else do it for just under $300, with pets and scotch guarding. When I mentioned the other quote to sears their response was basically, then why bother calling us. and hung up on me. 
A surgeon is just a mechanic for your body.
I wonder how it ends, we dont even know how it ends in real life yet.
At least if a killer did come it would be the best and last shit of ur life
I was trying to figure out, how a Mars Rover could kill a cat, for 5 minutes straight until i realized...
If were all the main characters of our own lives, then life itself is one big crossover episode
seems to work for sports players... claiming theyve been hacked after most likely drunken tweets.
If you get the viewers then that’s good. If the product also happens to be good then that’s a plus. 
They do. It’s in the price.
Clark Kent would be outed as Superman pretty fast if he ever accidentally pushed a pull door.
But that penny you saved you paid taxes to get it. Unless you found it on the ground or worked under the table. 
Man, fuck future me. That guys an asshole.
I’d say Deal or No Deal could make you feel like that too 
On a scale of 32 to 212...
So youre comparing phones to paintings? 
If aliens are monitoring our media and 98% of the internet is porn...Theyre not giving us anal probes; theyre just trying to speak the language.
Or are socks really just foot beanies?
I was under the understanding that in the morning the barn doors are open to let the animals roam.. and closed at night. Under this understanding, the barn doors are open half the day. Is that not true in your experience?
My clumsy ass would accidentally drop it and give myself a concussion.
If it doesnt have a visible mute button, search up the model and mute beep or something like that. Some have a convoluted way of muting the beep. Mine did at least. 
You’ll never see anything again once it’s gone. 
Fisher Price. 
The molecules that make farts smell bad are very small and would not be trapped in your clothes in any way that could be considered filtering. 
Whenever you buy and eat a steak, you are secretly sharing a meal with 1000 people.  Since a steak is a chunk of cooked muscle from a big-ass cow.
Health is low --> take nap  Mana is low --> refill at nearest boob
The reason is that theme parks make money from taking and selling quality photos, while robbery (at least in the U.S.) is actually not that costly of a problem for banks. The average bank robbery nets the robbers less than $8K, and with only 5000 annual robberies across 95000 branches, the average annual cost per branch of robberies is about $400. Therefore, it does not make much sense to spend a lot of money on having the best cameras, file storage space, etc.    Sources:   [Bank robbery data from the FBI](https://www.fbi.gov/stats-services/publications/bank-crime-statistics-2011/bank-crime-statistics-2011)  [Total number of bank branches](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/10/05/24-7-wall-st-banks-with-most-branches/16648133/)
I wonder if you microwaved them for a few seconds if they would feel nice to put back on... 
A large network of connected buttholes?   That’s a funny way to spell Reddit.
Could be because of the bacteria?
He would also love social media. 
I cant even enjoy the ride anymore, Im too busy listening/feeling for potential problems and planning an emergency exit strategy.
Is my loving embrace an external force?
Its totally better when you know youre pleasing them too.   Plus, totally depends on your sex
What if I was born in the dark? Molded by it? Didnt see the light till I was already a man? 
Also the case for identical twins married to another set of identical twins. Man this is weird.
Also works in reverse too. Theres been times where Ive injured myself  and, while something definitely feels wrong or odd, doesnt start to really hurt until you look at it. Dunno if other people experience that though. 
This must be some American thing because this makes 0 sense to me.
Whats more degrading: doing a cheesy commercial and earning a paycheck, or going on the internet and begging for a handout?
And fix is the postfix of the word prefix. Shittingthoughts 
Wine coolers were the original. 
I am a Filipino-American living in Japan.   I pass for Japanese on appearance only.    This man and his wife were speaking Spanish loudly during the movie, repeatedly.    I finally leaned over and whispered sternly: Permisso.  No mas hablando por favor.  He said, ok and they stopped.    I think he was shocked that a Japanese person spoke Spanish.  
I use Google as a calculator. My math shame is in my search history .
Polaroid cameras were made a billion years ago..?  Thanks for the information, I never knew that!
I had 2 questions watching it... one of which was answered by the end, but how the fuck is an infant going to kill itself?  Or would it just see it and grow up crazy and another tool for it?
This can be said for literally a billion other things
As a small business owner, I can assure you that police have no interest in investigating credit card fraud. 
I’ve never thought about this 
You must be the **special one** in the special education class.
Ive always had an issue with this thought. Lick is the name given to touching something with your tongue so it stands to reason that if you give a name for touching something with your genitals for example (let that action be termed grup for example) then the only part of your reflection you can grup is your dick or vag. My point is no matter what you cant touch any other part of your reflection other than the part thats actually touching the mirror. Lol.
A Child doesnt make design. Also,Gucci takes all the materials from Italy and produces the items in Italy,which costs more than something like China. I mean,what point are you making?
Not in Asia, most people prefer whiteness to light brown ~ darker shade.
I overappreciate them... Fuggin rolls with spreadable butter before a meal? Hell yes
Half of the fire doors I see are chained and locked. Wouldnt help much in an actual fire.
At -40 we are all on the same page, its cold as fuck and even fahrenheit and Celsius cant be bothered arguing for a moment.
Comedy Au right here
If you were with a crazy ex, and someone says you dodged a bullet after breaking up, you never actulled dodged a bullet. You simply took that bullet for however long you were together, taking tremendous amounts of suppressive fire along the way before finally deciding your done taking the bullet.
If you raise your children, you spoil your grandkids. If you spoil your children, you raise your grandkids.
In college I did some camera work for a presentation Mandy Patinkin gave, and I got invited to an after party that he was going to be at.  I was thinking cool, Ill just show up in my black jeans and T-shirt.  Literally everyone else was in a suit or fancy dress.  I certainly did not come across as the most important person in the room.
Et tu Brutus?
Alfred fucking murdered them all. Thats why theres a graveyard beside Wayne manor.
So what if we are showing empathy and sympathy for what is fundamentally an unconscious machine?   At least it will stand us in good stead if ever we create a self aware, thinking machine with a will to live.
The Hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed.
Harpies arent usually depicted as attention seekers. Perhaps Sirens?
If you have McAfee, your antivirus *is* a virus.
Keeping Harry in that closet was definitely child abuse and nobody talks about it much
Everything in life is like that. Positive things take years to be built, and just seconds to be crushed down. Minus is quicker and easier, but plus is more valued.
Our society is far closer to Aldous Huxleys *Brave New World*, where overabundance and sensory overload seems to be more common.  He predicted that there would be so many things again that it would be impossible to filter out the good from the bad.
As a graphic designer, my entire career exists because I desperately wanted to be an artist but...my drawing teacher let slip one day that she was about $140k in debt from attending tons of prestigious art schools, and now teaches classes at a community college and it scared me. Graphic artist still counts. 
If you play the PornHub community jingle in public, everyone will know you’re watching porn but no one will say anything because it will reveal that they know what the jingle’s from
True, my city felt so lively during the hype and died instantly after the hype. No one played anymore and Pkmn go became a joke.
Not me, my skull looks sad. :(
I would pay extra for tickets to an adults only theater.
Now THIS is the kind of shit I subscribed for!
Knowledge is knowing that Zelda is not the hero. Wisdom is knowing that Zelda *is* the hero.
We torrent movies to save money, but end up paying more for snacks and drinks
Lemons are natural and man made. The lemon tree is not a naturally occurring plant.
Theres got to be a better way!
We better give it to them. Don’t want to get Skynetted. 
I know cause that’s how I do it
He has a Netflix show coming out soon, so I doubt hes doing it purely for the money. Probably to keep himself busy and increase awareness of his brand as well. 
School isnt actually meant to teach you real life skills, its actually meant to get you used to waking up early and going to a boring and miserable job every day.
When someone says I miss you!, I think, well, thats nice. But if they take off the exclamation point I think, wow, they must really miss me.
But why did you have to remind us! :( I hate this. The jiggle is not going to be as satisfying until I forget again.
Ha, thats pretty cool.  Oh.  Oh wait...
Can confirm. Just went to a silent room to enjoy lunch alone and someone came in, turned the lights on, sat next to me, and started chatting. PLEASE. GTFO.   Edit: thanks, kind stranger, for appreciating my hatred for lunch socialization enough to gild me!
for my first black and white experience it was the three stooges
The Olympics should have a For Fun section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
As a child, going to McDonald’s was a victory, but as an adult, it’s a defeat.
Star Wars took place way in the past, really far away, but we are seeing it now because of how long it took for the light to reach us.
This reminds me of that scene in Fear and Loathing where Hunter is torqued on adrenachrome and asks Gonzo to finish the story....Please elaborate OP, Im too high
Nope. Not at all. They are far more advanced / detailed typically.
If humans ever go to war with AI, well have to send coded messages to each other in the form of CAPTCHAS
Good idea. Will use in my next book
At some point in the future, David Bowies Five Years will be accurate and the planet will only have 5 years left.
To turn your back on someone is considered bad but having someones back is considered good.
Milk is one of the weirdest foods in my opinion.   Now Im pondering eggs. 
Except when the port/cable gets knackered and it has to sit in a specific orientation for it to charge
There would be a lot of debate if 1 conjoined twin committed a crime
Same goes for quitting Facebook 
I think it has to do with whether or not you have homework. I get off of work around 3 as a teacher, but I have so much stuff left to get done for the day that it never feels early. 
spider-man is treated like a real spider, he catches thieves just like flies but is still considered a pest.
I totally get what you mean... but seriously, I think getting anything coherent back out of the first recording device would be a pretty big moment. I dont think I, personally, wouldnt care much about the exact timber of my voice at that point. 
A BMW dealership once offered a brand new car in exchange for your old one. It was on April 1st. Only one person turned up to claim
You won’t ever see the same clouds ever again...
What?! 
People who pee on the toilet seat walk among us every day and we don’t even know who they are.
I usually spend that day thinking *Shit, I need to do something productive* or *Fuck, I gotta get up tomorrow.*
How ironic snooze  rhymes with  lose  .
If God really wanted to troll us, He could have made the moon transparent so it acted like a lens, and put Earth at its focal point. Then whenever an eclipse happened, it would scorch a path across the planet.
Roger Waters, heavy breathing. 
Unless you have an 8am baseball practice in the rain like me
I disagree.  9 kids in my family. Almost all of them are adopted. Good try though
The way I look at diy is this: I save a bunch of money by doing it myself, and every so often, fuck it up royally, and pay 10x what I would have paid if I called a good professional from the outset.  As long as those fuckups happen less than 10% of the time I come out ahead.  And I dont have a lot of specialized equipment, so the basics (hammer, saw, drill, screwdriver) dont factor into my money calculations. 
Girl, your name must be crunchy cuz you THICC
Bitch, you broke up with me WTF
Not to be like an “Uncle Tom” about it or anything, but as an extremely obese person, I can tell you personally, there are absolutely no positives to living this way.  I don’t want to be this way, because it hurts, it’s dangerous, and I know I’m going to end up dying because of it.  Any other very fat person who tells you otherwise are lying to you and themselves, and they probably know it.  This is a sickness.  I wish every day I weren’t this way, and I try to motivate myself every day to fix it, but it’s a sincere mental illness that does not want to fix itself.  I know these problems of mine are made, brick by brick, by myself, but I hate it, and that only leads to me quite literally feeding into it.  People,  don’t let your kids become fat.  
If I won $1000 Id be pretty satisfied after the bills come around
Theres definitely a difference between the I want to come in bark, and the theres people in the yard bark.
Mid 30s female here. Ive been wearing the same pants for two weeks. This morning one of my co-workers said she liked them and asked if Id gotten new pants. I was like... ...Yeeeeaaaah. Yes, yes I did. 
Maybe once most pigs **could** fly. But their wings were so delicious that they were hunted almost to extinction. Modern pigs descend from the few wingless ones, who until hunting set in had been at an evolutionary disadvantage. 
Incorrect if I swallow a flash light that is turned on then it won’t be 
[deleted]
Proooobably not though.
I remember how kids in higher grades than me looked like adults. But as soon as I passed those grades they looked like toddlers.
Be an asshole, but only to yourself.
It doesnt change a situation necessarily but it can help make it easier to see solutions, or even just easier to digest/process. But nobody is going to change their perspective if they dont want to.
Sleep should be rolled over. Like Oh, you got 20 hours of sleep today? Cool man, you dont need sleep for the next three days.
Im going with a no on this one. 
*The median age at first marriage is now 27 for women and 29 for men — up from 20 for women and 23 for men in 1960.*  *Today an unprecedented portion of millennials will remain unmarried through age 40, a recent Urban Institute report predicted. The marriage rate might drop to 70 percent -- a figure well below rates for boomers (91 percent), late boomers (87 percent) and Gen Xers (82 percent)*  Millenials really sticking it to those divorce lawyers and ordained ministers.  [Source](http://www.bentley.edu/impact/articles/nowuknow-why-millennials-refuse-get-married)
Um, does that mean we gain an extra hour of work on a Monday during Fall Back?
And a penny [melted down and sold for its copper content](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5UT04p5f7U) is more valuable than either.
Since there are 3600 seconds in an hour, and most people make less than $36.00/hr, their time is worth less than a penny per second. Its literally worth your time to pick up a penny from the ground.
r/Amish would love this
[here is some more 420 math :D](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=r+%3D+\(1+%2B+0.9cos\(8%CE%B8\)\)\(1+%2B+0.1cos\(24%CE%B8\)\)\(0.9+%2B+0.1cos\(200%CE%B8\)\)\(1+%2B+sin\(%CE%B8\)\)+from+0+to+2pi)
Agreed; its the digital Rosetta Stone for this millennium. 
[deleted]
I occasionally have dreams that take place in the same location despite being separate from each other, where they retain a degree of object permanence.  For example, I had a dream that I had to go back to highschool, where at one point I spilled something on my shirt and had to leave it under a desk in the computer lab. A few weeks later, I had a dream that I was being chased by a malevolent force and hid in the same twisted dream highschool and found the shirt under the same desk Id left it under originally.  My dreams feel absolutely real, and could easily be glimpses into alternate realities, like memories of my alternate selves.
Car scenes in action movies will become a lot less impressive once automated car use becomes widespread
The egg actually draws in the sperm!   https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwiy-6GIkMDgAhUl_IMKHdLQDAAQzPwBegQIARAC&url=https%3A%2F%2Faeon.co%2Fessays%2Fthe-idea-that-sperm-race-to-the-egg-is-just-another-macho-myth&psig=AOvVaw0Hh3arQaymdp-Zf6dcW14D&ust=1550402107473327
My dad told me recently that he fell over in the street and a couple of people ran over to help him up and check if he was okay, it was the first time that had happened and it made him feel old.
I personally just like to know whats happening, but I dont care enough to tell anyone else 
If youre very empathetic, you can be a sadist and a masochist at the same time
Whoever started the tradition of the bride not showing up on her wedding day should get a prize for breaking my heart *cries*
The new chip reader shits so annoying.  It goes from DO NOT REMOVE CARD to instantly loudly beeping to remove the card like Ive been ignoring it for an hour.  Give me like a 3 second grace period to take the card out before loudly beeping.  I DIDNT FUCK UP HERE IVE BEEN WATCHING THAT DISPLAY.
Babies are cute so you forget how troublesome they are
In 20 years or so Ill be able to steal cars from the comfort of my living room.
What about songs about the ranger with the big iron on his hip?  EDIT: holy fuck I guess Reddit really likes New Vegas   EDIT 2: of course this is the thing I get gold for.
Umm what ?  
This happened to me recently, but I realised I get my headphones a lot less tangled in bed using only one and cut the dead side off (I listen to audiobook to fall asleep). Now I have one pair of working headphones in my handbag, and one single headphone next to my bed for sleeping, its been life changing- and now I never forget my headphones! 
Ive always been fascinated in the fact that the lunar module ascent stage motor had to fire or they would be stuck for ever.  Then the command module motor had to fire or they would be stuck in permanent lunar orbit.  Then fire again or they would sail right by the earth into deep space.  BTW:  www.Apollo17.org is a must visit sire for people who like this stuff.  
Yep
If they float they are a witch. 
and it works best when taped over the camera.
Never told a dad joke in my life until I became one.  Then when my first child was born, they came bursting out like an alien. I started telling dad jokes around that time too.
Ive seen mail stations at multiple airports.  And I still wonder if that service even breaks even financially.  I dont know if they price gouge - they definitely could...
Cosby jumped the gun.
23 Days without a cigarette; went on the back porch to shoot the shit with my dad earlier this week and it was the first time in years I disliked the smell of a cigarette. Probably my happiest day too after that realization. Fuck cigarettes.
Services are switching from calling them Private Messages to calling them Direct Messages because theyre not private anymore...
Theyre still one of the seven ancient wonders even if the others didnt survive.
That was never the moral of the story...  The moral of the story was, YOU CANT TRUST THE SYSTEM
I didnt know the zombie apocalypse could get creepier. But sure enough, it can. 
No matter how you slice it, flesh eating zombies make very little sense
Infection tag is basically Tag: Battle Royale.
Theres a third: those of us who dont even bother asking about breakfast, and instead we just ask what time we absolutely have to check out without being charged an extra night. 
So how is that a shower though?
Kickstarter was once, itself, a kickstart
Plenty of rappers out there that got face tattoos and aint made it
Reeee, give me tendiiies
Its a chemical reaction. 
Mum SAyS ItS My TUrN WiTh ThE EleCTronS.
Can’t be axe murdered if you ARE the axe murderer...unless there’s a better axe murderer
Were basically the result of a very inefficient machine learning algorithm.  Some weird stuff sure came out.  
this is why old people seem like cynical assholes
Your car keys have travelled further then your car
When I was a kid I could never understand why everybody in his city were being dicks to spidey...
Chemistry prodigy Humphry Davy tested essentially every gas known to science at the time by inhaling it himself, and discovered the psychoactive properties of laughing gas this way and almost killed himself with carbon monoxide. He didnt inhale helium because the noble gasses hadnt been discovered yet.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humphry_Davy
And the first time you handled that $30,000 object, I get you were pretty careful. But nothing happened, and you handled it again, and again, and again...  Its amazing what the human mind can get used to.
And none of it matters in the end...  &#x200B;
Since teachers pay taxes, and taxes fund our public schools, teachers technically pay for their students to learn from them.
Johnny Five did it regularly, but alas, he was not a person.
K9s would be replaced by PRIM8s
Diabetics and people allergic to chocolate are still sad on the 15th then.
Counter Strike is just like Edge Of Tomorrow, you relive the same scenario again and again until you become perfect.
No, YOU hang up! No, YOU hang up! No, YOU hang up! No, YOU hang up!
Kids of big YouTubers are going to grow up and find the cringiest content their parent(s) made (cough cough, Ninja)
If we ever have sufficiently advanced AI, computer science will have lead to computer humanities
They do now.
Vsauce will have a field day with this.
You can’t see danger coming and scary things like to lurk in dark places
Technically, movies are just videos of people at work
I dont really think thats how it works my man
I don’t see it as “I’m paying for it, I’m a VIP.”  Instead, it’s more of “I’m willing to pay more for VIP treatment.”
But not if they are in the act of a hate crime.   That would be self defense. 
And that procrastination sometimes works out.
Mind blown
Thats the real problem. So many people think that leadership equals power. It doesnt. It equals responsibility. A leader is responsible for making sure everything gets done, and done right. For making sure everyone has what they need to accomplish their task. For making sure everyone has the knowledge and training required to do their job right. Sure, you can yell at them when they mess up, or punish them for falling short, if thats the kind of leader you want to be. But in most cases they can simply walk away and quit, leaving you to accomplish the same tasks with less hands. So, in order to keep your staff, or followers, or whatever, youre responsible for ensuring a certain level of their happiness as well. And ultimately, as the leader, the weight of everyones failure is on your shoulders.  Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
I always believed it was why the backlash was so hard.  Niantic had made something seriously amazing, a huge game changer. People were talking about how it was going to be a socioeconomic force due to all the positive interactions you had with strangers and the incentive to venture into parts of town youd never go to otherwise. It was going to make gamers fit, bring money to local businesses, revive public parks, bring friends and families together, cure cancer, defeat lord voldemort, everything.   Then the tracker went down and all that went to shit in a few days. It was like being handed a bar of gold only to realize it was made of wood.  Edit: My new top comment! Im not like other girls. I have cancer. has finally been dethroned!
Similar in another way too: Everything Republicans do is in your name.
Nope.  Thats like saying planting a tree after throwing a bunch of garbage on the ground makes the garbage not garbage. 
We live in a society
But you can buy some “good eats.”
well now I dont want to enter a blind persons house.
Isn’t he technically the original flower according to legend?
The way countries hastily try to fix/hide their social issues before the olympics is essentially an entire countrys version of the panicked cleaning up you do around the house when people are about to come over
Wasnt George basically like a plant manager that just had to push a button every now and again?
Nah, worse. It could end up inside a woman and then get fucked... Miss me with that gay shit 
My girlfriend walked in on me masturbating to an optical illusion.  I told her babe, its not what it looks like
Nobody told Obu that.
Thats the real reason ginny married him.  That boy packin.
No they bring all the boys to the yard 
Everyone wants to be remembered, but very few do things worth remembering.
The mailman would update daily 
There are probably a bunch of parents who think their children are fussy eaters, when in reality theyre just horrible cooks.
We have no problem wearing the same socks all day, but once they come off for one second, it’s gross to put them back on.
If you cut a random line in a ball of yarn, you create two balls of yarn joined together
You are now a moderater of /r/Libertarian 
As a kid, you are bullied by people who dont like you, and your friends are nice. Once youre older, youre bullied by your friends, and people who dont like you are nice
Ideally, IRL there always seems to be be one person having more fun. Unless alone.
Do you ever think telepathy is misdiagnosed as schizophrenia, I hear you ask
when a man is gay, he does not enjoy doing sex or kissing women because he enjoys penis in his mouth and BUTT
Mmmm bbq pig wings.
Your video games are giving us viruses!!!  *Proceeds to install 27 toolbars*
For a short moment, each of us was the youngest person on the planet
Fuck, I just remembered to check my gigapet!!! How many decades between meals can they go???!!!
A liquid gel pills are just Tidepods for our symptoms.
Maybe they have, but they chose not to because they live in the universe
You mean manual transmission?
That is incredibly cynical, but probably very true. 
Hey weve had no robberies in the 5 years weve had my dog. Coincidence? Probably.
Auto-canabalism
Society would be screwed if dry cleaners decided to start charging rent
Rick Riordan, get on it.
I don’t believe that is correct at all. Please site your sources. 
Well now I have the feels
Have you considered a career in programming?
And our cake day 
Then they wouldnt mean as much. The point is, they are hard to get and hard to keep. If it was easy, everyone would do it. Most people choose to blame genetics and stay fat, so we have nothing to worry about. 
My old man used to drive 18 wheelers and has an award for driving 1,000,000 miles without an accident. My grandpa had a 2,000,000 award.
Santa IS real in the Marvel universe. Hes a mutant.  Edit: Thanks for the Reddit Silver random citizen!
Sure you do, dont you usually know why hes barking? Its not too hard to figure out what theyre trying to tell you: theres another dog outside and I want to play, I have to pee, give me your fucking ball, stop stepping on my tail ass hole, intruder alert, etc. 
Agree to a degree. Often times I would see, hear or think of something that will make me remember what I dreamed of last night.
Kind of a routine thing haha   Welp, I guess its masturbate oclock   
Even the sun could be dead and we wouldn’t know for another 8 minutes
Well, I think he-she-it is absolutely right on this one. 
Ive never seen boneless chicken wings in Germany. Ive never looked for them but it sounds as unnessecary as peeling fruit and putting it back in a plastic container 
Someone will be that guy that dies an hour before we invent a form of immortality.
Dumb
Paid dating sites intentionally dont give perfect matches so you keep using their service.
I had a lot of respect for an ad I saw years ago saying At the end of the day, all women want the same result from their pregnancy test. The accurate one. 
Don’t forget how he found things “Wizard” 
“OH GOD I have a nut WHAT am I supposed to do with this EVERYONES LOOKING OH GOD I’ll just go over here and AHHH ok I’ll just bury it no one suspects a thing there was no nut what nut”
Freelancing or not, I still give both my dogs treats as currency because theyre awesome and deserve some.
We Could Have Conceptualized the World With Five or six Directions Instead of the Four we Have
Its also my 5-year wedding anniversary.  Threw a huge and fun reception that night, ya know, in case it was the last hurrah.
The number of people older than you is constantly shrinking with nothing increasing it.
in all fairness, this showerthought probably didnt exist in anyones head before social media
Theres a mod for Doom called IMPatience that has a concept like this. You play as one of the games enemies, an imp, and you have to stop Doomguy from getting to the end of the level. Normally, if you wanted to play on easy, youd put it on Im Too Young To Die. But in IMPatience, this makes it harder for you to stop Doomguy. If you just want to breeze through the levels, you put it on Nightmare, which is the hardest difficulty in the vanilla game (but the easiest in IMPatience, since theres so many more demons for Doomguy to fight).
Its two factors, really.  For one, in characters, we generally see the whole picture, not just the symptoms.  When you see from their eyes how a trigger effects someone, see the flashback of why whats happening is so relevant, when you hear their heartbeat raising and can watch as the panic raises to the point where everything around them is an enemy, where theyre not even seeing faces anymore, its easy to see why they cant just toughen up.  When you see someone get a bit twitchy at the mall, its not so easy to sympathize.  Second, sadly, its easy to support someone when that doesnt actually mean anything.  Anyone can see someone on a screen and say I feel so bad for them. Literally costs nothing.  Answering the phone at 3 in the morning every night for a week to listen to hours of crying that you can do nothing to help with, that you might never be able to help with...  Supporting a friend who cant go out in public without having a panic attack, who hasnt cleaned their room or maybe themselves in weeks, who sometimes gets pissed at you for trying to help without even wanting to...  Well, thats hard.
His granddad.
Smart watches would have been more successful if it debuted before the smart phones.
If I had telekinesis, Id use it to eat cereal and wank without having to sit up.  Edit: I know I dont have to sit up to wank. Im talking about the composite action of wanking and eating cereal at the same time.
Calendars are just maps of time.
No they are advertising the promise of sex for buying the perfume. Most perfume adverts are either bordering on soft core porn or just show money and nice clothes then cut to perfume. 
Googly
Why is reddit obsessed with licking stuff today?
Crispy is just crunchy but thin.
You know youre an alcoholic when you also stop giving a fuck what the people think at a particular location that has good deals, and youre there everyday.  Source: use to go to different locations so the people at one location didnt think I was an alchy....till I stopped giving a fuck!
# Scalpel of Surgery *Weapon (scalpel), rare*  This scalpel uses the statistics of a dagger.  When you hit a creature that isnt an undead or a construct with this weapon, you can choose to make a Wisdom (Medicine) check. Roll a number of d8 equal to the result of the check divided by 5 (round down, minimum 0). The targeted creature regains that amount of hit points.  When you hit a dying creature with this weapon and make a healing attempt, it causes no failed death saves. The same creature cannot be the target of a healing attempt from this scalpel more than once per long rest.  **Edit:** Made a typo in the name, but I wanted to change the name anyway. Tweaked some wording while Im at it.
Reminds me of a Ricky Gervais joke at what age do you stop falling down and start having a fall?
It’s crazy how one specific event can change an entireparadigm of thought built on a lifetime of experience, or misexperiences.
But if you put a ***cherry*** pie in front of his face he will eat it   Favorite quote about Weird Al  Edit.  Had the wrong flavor 
I’ve been listening to a podcast called Sleep With Me that distracts and is the perfect mix of boring and engaging to put me to sleep. Check it out.  Edit: I didn’t  think this would go this big so here’s a pro tip: skip the first 20 minutes- it all sales pitch. 
Now assume he can regenerate, but add Hydra rules. Does he grow his legs back, or do his legs grow two replacement heads?
*alien guy*;  horses. 
The most birthdays would actualy fall around Christmas. September is the month with the most birthdays. Which means the conception happenned around that time. Its also an holliday where most people are home together
Never give up on your dreams kids!  
What about a Bakers dozen
Or when your text message alert dings!  Its from your carrier, letting you know your monthly bill is ready.
Lot of weak chins out there
We had one at my pharmacy school (we shared a building with med students) . We were told it was for quiet reflection when stressed, but the walls were padded and there was a teddy bear in there. 
Theyd be scarier if they werent mass produced. 
Or he’s so unstable he checks out of from reality and believes he’s a wizard. 
I think the most unrealistic thing is that Hogwarts doesnt teach basic non-magic skills. Like in the first book when Hermione mentions that a logic puzzle would stop the majority of all trained wizards from moving forward, thats completely ridiculous, how can you graduate from school without knowing basic logic? Turns out thats a valuable tool even in the wizarding world.
Autocorrect is now able to post shower thoughts.
I think Bo Burnham said it best:  “... I was born in 1990 and I was sort of raised in America when it was a cult of self expression, and I was just taught, y’know, express myself and have things to say and everyone will care about them. And I think everyone was taught that, and most of us found out no-one gives a shit what we think.”
Blacksmiths were really important. I remember a story from the Jamestown settlement where the blacksmith got pissed and punched the governor, which was punishable by death, but they just kinda had to let it go because they needed him.   The movie adaptation of this story will undoubtably star Hugh Laurie as the curmudgeonly blacksmith.
**scarab beetle clicks menacingly* *
Yeah but you cant pass them off as your hot girlfriend at your 10 year high school reunion cuz everyone would know
Is this a Lincoln quote?
If I told them to stop clicking on viruses, they would get defensive and wholeheartedly deny it even with an ad on their phones lock screen.
Stevie Wonder would be a great judge on The Voice
The sun makes our hair lighter but our skin darker
It’s also good to keep your mind on your money and your money on your mind. 
Just a note on this movie. The grumpy old white guy (forgot his name) said hes always right, and if you look at every decision where he was considered an ass, he was actually right. He said no to his wife helping Sandra Bullock. Sandra Bullock came in and then let the pregnant blond woman in (who old guy didnt like), blond woman let creepy killer guy in (who old guy tried to kill). Also at the store, they insisted on opening the freezer even when old guy is like fuck no.   Old guy was always right.
If Steve Jobs was reincarnated into a Chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now.
**WHAT DO WE WANT?**  To be single!  **WHEN DO WE WANT IT?**  Until were about 30 years old and have enough money to financially justify paying for a wedding, honeymoon, and the expenses that follow marriage like a mortgage, children, and costco memberships!
holy fuck
Kanye thought he was a genius years before meeting a Kardashian..
[deleted]
Coffee is really an energy drink
Baby wipes stay moist only if they’re kept in the packet.
Uh is literally the one word that translates into all languages. We as humans all uh
Unlike inception or the matrix, which changed the meaning of a word.
The loss of your dog is exactly the kind of thing your dog wouldve helped you through.
Did we luck out or were we just persistent enough over several generations that nature was like, fuck it, fine.
And just like spiders, police officers are good at getting rid of annoying bugs and flies. Most departments actually even have a special division for it, the SWAT team.
How to Train Your Wizard Dinosaur
Technically no one dies of old age; they die because an essential organ failed. What dying of old age means is simply that the person was so old that it isnt worth a formal autopsy to determine the *actual* cause.  ...and, yes, Im a blast at parties.
I would rather see the most serious, sad, and dramatic moments in cinema have an absurd laugh track placed over them. 
Yes and the goal in life is to work the least and get paid the most. 
Whoever opened an oyster and thought “that looks delicious” must have been absolutely starving
And Facebook treats you like a little bitch
It does work which is why people feel the need to hide their shames. 
Not with physics.
I’ve been found out!
I read that this tradition exists because in the past women were basically traded into a richer family by marriage. They were kept far away from the guy because the poorer family didnt want to risk him not liking her looks and backing out. Thats also essentially the origin of why brides wear veils.
People would be a lot more willing to rate apps if they didnt have to switch apps to do so.
In Halo, grunts never grunt.
Unless youre a chick....
anyone here played dragon quest 11?    Its the best designed world in an rpg ive seen to date.    beats dragon age inquisition and ff 15 imo.
Me after living till 2113 just to spite this post:  Nice *dies*
A burglar broke the glass in our front door and tried to open the latch.  Our dalmatian grabbed the hand and apparently was swinging from it, dragging the arm through the broken glass.  The first I knew was coming home to find blood EVERYWHERE and a rather pleased dog without a cut on her.
I can see that for sedimentary rocks.  What about metamorphic and igneous?
Okay guys, help me trying to figure out if Im going insane: Everytime I see a certain type red and blue next to each other, I get some sort of 3D effect. Its like my eyes cant comprehend the border between those colors. Its been like this forever, and everyone I shared this with laughs or/and gave me weird looks. Heres an example: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/Red-blue_stripes.svg
This is a textbook shower thought. Well said.
Blame the Romans, they destroyed the ancient Egyptians and every bit of their knowledge
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus disturbed me as a child because it seemed like a happy song about mommy cheating on daddy. What a laugh, amirite
Because telescopes work using mirrors, well never know if there are any space vampires.
Either that or it means they have the ability to be stupid in two languages.
I want to see what else is in the beyond section of bed bath and beyond
Happy cake day 🍰
When I got on the bus today a crazy  homeless lady said I just want to let you know that youre a really good looking man.  Of course I thanked her, but I have no idea how to take it. Shes basically the first woman to ever compliment my looks and Im 37.
If you see Terminator backwards, its about how a woman stalks a robot until hes able to escape into the future.    If you see Lord of the Rings backwards, its about how a hobbit retrieves a magic ring from a volcano and brings it to his uncle for safekeeping.    If you see Independence Day backwards, its about how nice aliens come to Earth in the aftermath of a global nuclear war to rebuild our cities.     
The original infinity plus 1
Im thinking speed limits will raise once everyone is using self driving cars because they can be a lot safer at higher speeds than humans are.  Edit: I meant an increase of like 5, 10 maybe 20 Mph which seems reasonable. It would take a lot longer for speeds like 120+
When the univers dies?
Milk does have pulp. Your family just buys the pulp-free variety.
My father somehow convinced me that the brown UPS delivery trucks were called Broccoli Trucks.  No, they didnt deliver broccoli, they delivered packages.  No, they were not associated with broccoli in any way at all.  So, why were they called broccoli trucks?  Damned if I know. Dad logic.   I learned the truth about things *far* later than I should have – in middle school, actually – when I offhandedly remarked that Id seen a broccoli truck in the parking lot. My teacher overheard me and asked me to point it out... then gave me a look of skeptical confusion when I indicated the UPS truck. That was the moment when I realized my dad *might* have made up the whole broccoli truck bit. I wound up trying to explain that it was a family tradition to refer to delivery vehicles by odd names, but everything I said only seemed to make my teacher grow more suspicious.  Upon hearing the story from me, my father did a very poor job of restraining his laughter.  **TL;DR: Broccoli trucks do not exist.**
Bolt would smash the long jump wouldnt he?!?!
Fishing would be so much less popular if they could scream like humans
Bear Grylls cameraman must be the worlds most bad ass cameraman ever.
A fire in a seapark oh wait ....
In the southern hemisphere summer is literally shorter than winter
Hi, security system engineering / design here.   The crappy shots you are seeing are crappy cameras.  Many banks install cameras only to meet the initial regulation requirements when they are constructed, and do not invest in more.    In addition, most of the budget towards the Video Management platform is directed internally - those who handle the cash daily are more likely to walk with it than a robber, and pose a greater risk as it can go unnoticed.    As has been mentioned, money is involved in selling those photos, so quality is critical.  If the camera is degraded or giving foggy shots, they have a huge ROI on that camera being replaced or upgraded.   If a bank has a camera that doesnt meet present day standards, replacement has no real ROI.  Without a regulatory requirement to push their old public facing equipment up, its not going to happen.    Today, security cameras go well beyond 4k.  We recently just threw up a number of 5K cameras capturing facial-recognition quality from over 300 away.  Recording entire scenes of a stadium or airport can be done with up to 7K / 30MP cameras, with 10FPS recorded video.   Sure, storage is a hog, but most of these are running on H.264 or H.265 compression, recording only based on motion within the scene.
This is not the year for mistletoe in the workplace.
When did my mum get a crush on me 
...Soviet Russia...
T.J. A.J. R.J. Backslashinfourth *the Fifth*
Everyone praises dogs as mankind’s best friend. But the horse which was the backbone for almost all labor and transportation gets little praise from today’s society.
Then you must make your own enemies to fight. Never let the music go to waste.
Could make for a great last cameo transition, Stan Lee playing a wacky character only to be interrupted by Deadpool. “I’ll take it from here, Stan. By the way, we knew it was you the whole time.” 
So time travel is basically closing your eyes and waiting? 
That’s what lil skies says but I’m not sure about most other rappers 
Spend money on experiences *and* things. Buy camping gear.
I’m a guy and I’ve accepted my monstrous thighs
Also i love that you can see where people watch the video the most. Skip to the interesting stuff easier. 
I still use my university email after 5 years. I feel like I fell within some loophole though because they did allow you to sign up for a 2 year extension, where I bridged it to my gmail. But still, 5 years later, I can use and receive emails from it.
Fecal Transplant needs better marketing 
I get off work at 1:30pm but I start at 5am. Sucks having bedtime around 9, but it’s nice avoiding the hoards of traffic.
I got in an accident reading one of those signs once.
Whats worse is the harder I try to be quiet, the more things I bang together or knock onto the floor.
My teacher is a so called stealth vegan  Youd propably never guess it because he is a big Manly dude Who is reguarly called a viking based on looks alone, i Even remember once in class it was mentioned that he was a vegan and like 70% of People were in disbelief
Haha, this is true. Peer pressure as a kid is others pressuring you to do something you don’t want to do. Peer pressure as an adult is seeing other people doing stuff you *should* be doing 
Haha imagine a boat approaching Antarctica.  Captain, we are approaching the northern coast of Antarctica.  ...cut the shit, Jenkins.
And they will have no tattoos, use perfect grammar and call their son Henry.  
People that see you every day wont notice a difference, but people that barely see you will.
vegans eat dead people that the plants ate.  veganism is a lie.
And like all condoms ethics come in small, medium and large.   Where do you stand?   EDIT:  Thank you for the silver
Probably not as much money though...  Wait a second.. 
This plays into my rules-of-gift-giving:  * Kids/teens? Get something fun like a game. They have necessities covered, but extras are a luxury they cant necessarily go out and buy on a whim. (Buying kids necessities is really a present for their parents, not them.) * Youngish adults? Get socks, or something nice but practical. They can probably be up to date on the fun stuff if they have their own job, but will have a harder time parting with their money for nice towels or sheets, or socks or whatever. Even if those things make life nicer. * Older adults? They probably have all the socks and sheets they need, and are probably up to date on their favorite musicians and such.  Get them food or tickets to go see something. Stuff that is consumable and wont clutter up an already-full house.
When you choke on water, you’ve failed at breathing and drinking, the two most important activities in your life.
Ill never forget a reddit discussion one time about how in Australia they have these *huge* ass spiders crawling around the house. Someone was saying that they werent prone to attacking humans so families would name the spiders and just kind of let them roam the house.
Tapes had A and B sides so it only made sense to transition to CDs
Would like to see Chinese do equestrian events. Or the Mongols
Theyre all good guys, I think they would get along smashingly.
Wait thats illegal 
you need to work on your cutting skills
Nice
I see your situation and I raise you one: 11 babies have been born in Antarctica, and all of them are still alive. So for all we know, Antartica could have a 100% immortality rate.  
Thats because were all on reddit, your texts are interrupting my gif time.
Come on dude, this was posted like a day ago tops. 
Some Principal has got to have a Gem Mint 1st edition Base Charizard just sitting around somewhere
This could make out to be a cool addition to r/dataisbeautiful
No it’s about self esteem, just not the children’s. The trophies are for the parents, so they can feel like they are doing a good job.
Meditation mantra do not spill...do not spill...do not spill...
Unless they die young.
The saddest pet you can possiby own is a Tortoise... Their Lifespan is around 120 years, meaning it is likely you will die way before the tortoise does, and the tortoises will slowly start wondering where you went, living its enigmatic life with the doubt
I choked on air before
Ahh young ones. Just wait until it’s a day off work. No 5am wake up. Pair that with the exhaustion the week brings meaning you actually have a full, decent nights sleep. That is the real bliss. 
Damn... Damn right.
The first person who inhaled helium must have been so relieved when the effects wore off
except that then ill blind sitting in my dark man cave
It would sound EXACTLY like [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nHc288IPFzk) 
I cant believe that was over a year ago, already.
it is likely terrifying to babies as well, but thanks to the evolutionary trait of infantile amnesia, none of us remember it
Yep. He went bankrupt because of the Trump tariffs. His entire soybean crop rotted in the fields because he couldn’t sell it. And because he couldn’t sell it he couldn’t buy food for himself and all the animals. And because he couldn’t buy food for himself and all the animals they began to starve. And because they began to starve, the farmer killed and ate all the animals. And because the farmer killed and ate all the animals, he got no more farm. MAGA!!!!1
Would have been non-chickens egg though, so by extension it was a non-chicken egg. What hatched was the mutant known as chicken. Ipso facto chicken was first.
And probably some *nice* socks, that I would never buy for myself, but that I will love and appreciate for years.
...though if youre a jerk to your dog, it still may not buy you friendship
What if multiple coffins get made from a single tree? Ill have no way of knowing who will be my coffin mate! :(
[deleted]
Foreheads are literally the most frowned upon thing that ever existed.
Did you know that the nickname Skip comes from being named after a grandparent and not the parent. Therefore the name has *skipped* a generation.   Trip and Trey are used to refer to a 3rd generation carrier of the name.   
Like Pearl Harbor? 
If youre going to do it, Id recommend psychedelics over the hard stuff like coke or heroin.
Dang, I dont think my phone is almost dead until its at like 12%, you need a better battery or a better life
And a noun.  Another good one:   Obvious is an adjective 
Happened to a friend of mine a couple years ago. Raised the kid for two years, she broke it off and sued for child support. Paternity test came back negative. He was devastated. He loved that kid and now had absolutely no parental rights anymore.  She went on to name three other guys, all negative. Meaning that while they were dating, she slept with him and at least those three guys during a single month. She still has no idea who the father is. I feel bad for him, but hes gotten on with life so Im happy too.
if you donate blood your blood could end up in someone elses boner
its a strange situation for Amazon to fill that out, they want it to be a perk of prime but they dont want to cut into movie sales. 
Cats probably wonder why fizzy drinks scream “FUCK OFF” when they’re opened
Shrek and Han Solo kinda dress the same
Checking to see if there’s any new food in the fridge is the same as checking your phone for notifications when you know nothing has come through
I hope tigers can survive aimlessly wandering around Florida. Maybe they can eat the pythons descended from pets. 
When my Grandma died, she left all us grandkids 10k in mutual funds.  I was into tech, a lot, and read that Apple was going to Intel processors. I convinced my dad to sell off 5k and invest me in Apple.  My money nearly tripled, and I sold about 2 months before the iPhone was announced.  Ive done the math, that initial 5k would be worth somewhere around 600k today - but alas, I wasnt a patient investor in my late teens/early twenties...  Edit: I did the same last year with Tesla, I started buying shares around 150, and put as much into it as I could reasonably afford over the span of 6 months or so. I told myself Id sell at 350, which seemed like a lofty goal until I hit it... Turned around $2300 into around $5k.  Is it basically informed gambling? Sure. But I can always afford to lose my investment (IMPORTANT DETAIL HERE) - and its fun to see green numbers every day and feel a little more secure.
I’m going to go with the ground. You can play almost anything on it. 
The only issue is Sparta wasnt filled with complete idiots...  Edit: spelling.
Only an idiot would use digital keys. Sure lockpicking is a thing but as tech advances it will become a less common or usable skill and analog locks will be even better. Meanwhile somejackass will probably develop an app to unlock all electronic locks like a universal remote and walk right into your house.
I’m currently on vacation in the US and I’m originally from Asia so this daylight savings thing is new to me. I mean, I’ve heard about it before but wasn’t really aware that we’re supposed to move the clocks forward last night. So imagine my confusion when I was browsing Reddit last night, I checked my phone it clearly said that it was 1:58am and I thought, “Ok, just five more minutes then Im going to bed”, after a few minutes I checked the time on my phone again and it said 3:04am! I was so confused and I swear I thought it was time warp or something and I was ready to write my experience on r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix but it turned out to be just daylight savings time.
Everyone elses opinion is gonna be,  it was recorded  ... as the memories of my 10 yesr old self swell up at the schools announcing our football game was canceled.
I just quit a job working me 16 hrs a day. 
Earlier people used to write personal stuff in their diaries and get mad when people read them. Now people write personal stuff on social media and get mad when people DONT read them.
Flies in formation... Following.
Those are 2 different things
If it werent for porn, would the Internet have developed into its present form?  Just imagine:     without the web, we still might have to subscribe to adult TV channels, rent DVDs at the corner sex shop, and buy dirty magazines in another part of town.
Does your mother commonly wear your leather jackets before giving them to you?
Who do you got locked? Dont know if I should be concerned. 
I basically blame autocorrect for all typos, despite always having it turned off in settings.
Stay out of my Google Drive! 
Explain
This is whats wrong with the world. 
standby lights are utilities saviors
Both sexes can fuck a Pringles can, but neither can do it well.
Youre making me have all sorts of questions about chicken nuggets.
Probably why he goes so apeshit in Episode 7.  I just got this one trained! Fucking Skywalker breed!
They also teach us who the one overly nervous guy in the group is.  Calm down Steve, its a drill, theres no need to feel like this and youre not good at hiding your secret fear of being swallowed by flames or crushed by our building.
So does a successful murder. :-0
I like it. It also works with respect to assumptions of fooling around if youve got another person in said closed room.   ...Although how dont come in here is interpreted becomes highly dependent on tone of voice when there are two people behind the closed door.
Youre* 
With a bit of statistical bias for those with money 
Brass Monkey could argueably have benefitted from more monkey.
Turf kid.
What the fucking fuck are you talking about
Please tell me you didnt find that out while showering
Dude, like, you never see them together.
You can play Nintendo Switch with your hands in your pockets
The past is upon us!
Dont give them any ideas. 
Finally, what Ive been training for!  So, crispiness is a term used when chewing - as you said - thin, brittle foods, and the sounds in the mouth are in the 5 kHz range. Crunchy sounds, typified by chewing raw carrots, are generally between 1-2 kHz. 
I deserve this *buys Ryzen 5 2600x and has 2 bucks left in bank* - Me
This is one of the better shower thoughts....just told my roommate (who is currently sick) and he stopped, looked up to think about it, then nodded his head in agreement.  EDIT:  He missed work, not school and he was on the couch not in the shower when I told him this.
Water is a beverage whose flavor is its temperature.
Guess we need to replace fans with rocks then.
Maybe Christopher Nolan made a drunken bet with someone in film school that he could make a film that ends with the it was all a dream cliche and is nonetheless enjoyable.
Nothing screams first world problem more than trying to decide which piece of your food you want to eat last cause the last flavor in your mouth matters.
Sorry, you need iTunes to dock with ISS. No, it doesnt matter whether you actually ever use it, or even need it. 
Yeah I was 13 inches rock hard before.....its just the STD that made me two inches hard.m--I swear
Finally a good shower thought
You are a moron 
You do what now? 
You get delivery confirmation either way, though.
Tbh I couldnt name any millionaire or billionaire living near my city. 
Google just gave me 21,900,000 search results in 0.62 seconds, and I got annoyed because what I wanted wasn’t on the first page.
You are parroting this idea.
As a Joe I have always hated this term. But part of me thinks this is because I am an average Joe 
You can donate but whose  to say they will actually use it? 
Jokes in real life and on the internet are usually completely different
Sleep is maybe a time-portal for our minds and thats why we cant register all the time that we used up for dreaming/sleeping.
I was grocery shopping a couple weeks ago   and they were playing Welcome to the Jungle.  I thought, Weird.   **Im gonna watch you bleed!**
The model of having an OS company that is seperate from the hardware company makes it much less likely to happen. Android manufacturers are still competing with each other and if a users phone performs shit after two years they wont go back to that manufacturer. Amdroid users dont have the same loyalty to the hardware that Apple users have. Making the phones run slow would shoot themselves in the foot. 
As I recall, it was exactly this type of thing that brought BTK back out of hiding like ten years after his last killing. Someone wrote a book or article about him and he was so offended by its inaccuracies that he started writing to the police and newspapers, etc.   He ended up getting caught because he sent them a message on a floppy disk which contained location data about the computer that was used to create the files. It led them to his church and gave them the name Dennis, which was all they needed. The best part is that he actually had previously asked the police if sending them a floppy disk was would reveal his location/identity.  As though they would abide by some cops and robbers code of ethics and not lie to him. Crazy stuff. 
Exercising your personal right to not get vaccinated is like exercising your personal right to drink and drive. In both cases, youre not only going to end up killing yourself, youre going to kill other people too.
If you kill somebody you are killing a potential taxpayer!
Im actually still at the Select your class Screen
UPS will leave a $900 video card on my porch without even knocking but I have to sign for a $10 pizza
Just dreamt I stole a truck that was modded out the ass. Carbon fiber everywhere. It was fun and I apparently learned how to drive manual.  
Actually Yahoo Avatars we’re back in 2003. 
FFS why am I still reading this thread?
I thought scar got eaten alive in the lion king.  
You can eat some eats 
my kids school stopped doing perfect attendance awards because parents would literally send their sick kids to school to keep up the streak...at least long enough to take attendance. so stupid and inconsiderate.  
Can confirm. My kids were traumatized when I screamed Hannah at the top of my lungs when prompted by an announcer at a show years ago. For some reason, my voice carried extremely well over 14,000 screaming girls. Yes, I saw Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus and the Jonas Brothers in their prime. High point of my life to date. 
Yeah my dad rides every cars ass and it scares the shit out of me. Glad I drive on my own. 
Or snapping a branch while up a tree peering through the window.
The sentence Dont objectify women has women as the object of the sentence.
You never realize how often you fart until you hang around with someone you are attracted to.
Theyll also leave $100k worth of cocai-uhhh nevermind.
People who want forgiveness just want a free pass out of feeling guilty and having the offense and anger from the other person.  
You can live the rest of your live without breathing.
Proud of myself that I know remember all 50 states, parts of speech, etc.  I’m wondering which grade they will lap me, and leave me in their dust.  
the point of a lock is to turn a door into a wall
If everyone equals your SO.
A 3 day break, you feel well rested. A 5+ day break, you forget how to be a productive member of society.
You can drink a drink but you don’t eat an eat.
Whos gonna get mad about us making them? Not the babies thats for sure
You dont have young kids, do you? 
Well Ive only seen this posted 500 times before. 
*You mean Im here voluntarily?*
“I saw it! I saw it and it was amazing. Who said I didn’t see it? Did Jim say I didn’t see it? I saw it!” 
As a 8237th generation alien living on earth, we have won while you were still scratching your balls in caves.
I dont think you could compare both of them.
Makes me think of someone at the time saying:   “If they are witches, how come they aren’t using their magic to stop us?”  To that his friend replies  “Interesting... that sounds like something a *WITCH* would say!!”
YES FELLOW HUMAN, I TOO AM lonely
There is probably a tree out there somewhere now that is growing the wood for your coffin
Also snoring
Which caveman thought it was a good idea to put his penis inside a woman when theyve never heard of sex before
How so?
Humans have approximately 6,500 languages, yet when we perceive alien species they all speak the same language
Spent the summer on video games.....8 hours a day minimum...time well spent
Thanks Jim Gaffigan 
And then there are the restaurants that serve bread with olive oil, salt and pepper.
Im so conditioned to not use Fire Exits, Im not sure Id think to use one during an actual fire.
Tbf, racism and antisemitism existed long before Nazi Germany, they just added the brand and aggressive expansionism. Nazis are the Apple among racists. 
The average distance between Earth and Mars is about 12 light minutes.So, when Opportunity sent his last message, he spent 12 minutes of total loneliness in which nobody knew he was going to die, if not him.
Well, relative to the sun he is rolling. Its all a matter of perspective.
No its just bandage with tape on one side
All potatoes become mashed potatoes when you start to eat them.
Eat your taco over a soft tortilla so it catches all the shit that falls out. After 2 tacos, BOOM! Your third taco is ready. 
Im more worried about the same dude Adele sings about.
This is the heart of dad humor. Spending your idle time thinking up dad jokes for specific occasions that you may or may not ever encounter in the future. Lol
Youtube loves fucking with you:  >If you want to press the spacebar to pause the video, then sorry, the last thing you clicked was outside the video, and you have to use your mouse like a pleb  \, >If youre sorting through tabs with the Ctrl key, and switch to a youtube page, then well automatically select the video and you have to click out of it to change tabs like a fucking *PLEB*
There is a reason. It’s in the bible. 
At this rate, the Queenll outlive him.
If youre the least attractive person in an orgy, youre at the right orgy
When you introduce two different groups of friends to each other, its like your own lifes crossover episode.
Most ice cubes aren’t cubes
Omg I know thats right.  You cant just leave your children alone in the house while you go to work or the grocery store for instance.  You have to plan all naps.  Cant just fall asleep while your children are awake.   Cant just put them in a kiddie hotel while you go on vacation either.  Unfortunately.  You have to wait for school vacations to take a vacation unless you have someone to send them to school in your absence, usually at great cost. 
It was a great Ad campaign        https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/02/how-an-ad-campaign-invented-the-diamond-engagement-ring/385376/
Why else do you think divorce lawyers are at the forefront of same sex marriage rights?
They all float down here. 
If you like to drink, you know when the liquor store closes. If you are an alcoholic, you know when it opens.
depends on the friends (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Lol Andy Dwyer probably believes in Santa too.
Not true
No. Theyll have average bodies due to the mountain dew counter acting the exercise.
David de Gea went from being a hated goalkeeper to a beloved one overnight.
nobody could sneak up on him. The perfect killing machine.
The nail in the coffin was that lady that convinced thousands of guys to meet her at a park in NY at the same time then promoted a brand while having them compete to date her.
My full name is Nicholas and my nickname Is nick
Robots are just a more sophisticated way of making golems without mana.
dededeedodey
Its about a guy who has fever dreams for years involving machines and kung fu, then takes a dayquil and wakes up at his computer and returns to work.
Well youre using ur personal beliefs,I mean no offense but i feel like thats subjective
Being scared to end a relationship is like receiving the are you sure you want to quit, any unsaved progress will be lost pop up for the game of life
Or its like visiting a wet brothel depending on why youre there. 
wow. same.
Tuna + mayo... this man is a salad genius. 
Calling water "ice cold" or "freezing cold" is dumb because if it was actually either of those things, it wouldn't be water anymore.
But I can improve my IQ results with 5 more payments of $7.95
Dont do that or youre going to get a virus
Hell, after a red-eye international flight, I pretty much am a random person since I couldnt remember my name if it wasnt written on my passport. 
Starbucks and the Netherlands are two of the only places you can pay for a tall blonde and not be breaking the law
Why do you think that the average English speaker does not also have a second, broken language ?
I am 54 and notice a few things lately ache more than before. I am an avid hiker and climber and just yesterday did an 18 miler into the mountains near Seattle, snowshoes after the first mile and man oh man was the snow deep. But I find the aches come not from the activities but mostly from inactivity, when I skip days of doing anything at all, the back feels a little stiffer, missing lifting days weakens my core and makes me feel more sore than working out does. Vitamins, good protein, lots of water and most important, get up and go do SOMETHING. A walk, a bike ride just anything at all to stave off the inevitable aches of age because you cant avoid them but you can prepare for them.
Its the people at work i see walking out without washing that really fucks my world up
A’mare Stoudemire? 
Breathalyzer tests use the DUI Decimal System.
I like this one
People who say money cant buy friendship arent considering you can buy a dog.
And that’s why I don’t tweet anything that’s on my mind 
If your username is John68 I assume youre 49 years old, if its John69 I assume youre 12 years old.
Thank God Lisa Ann is still going strong
Pineapple on pizza is like the country music of pizza. People either like it or they will literally threaten to murder everyone that even speaks of it.
Upbeat songs with sad lyrical themes are the music equivalent of people that hide their depression
My dad tried to teach a class the cost of owning a car as an extra credit assignment...he was very displeased with the effort he got back.
sleeping is just four-dimensional fast travel
Maybe in the first world. But other countries might drag this average down 
Not really...when a person with depression feels “alone”, that doesn’t mean they’re thinking “no one on earth has depression except me”. It’s more like they’re thinking none of the people they know can help them. 
[deleted]
Unlike on Earth, because were always moving in our solar system, and our galaxy is spinning, we never really know our coordinates in the universe.
With tourists being driven up and down the path in scaled up, tour bus versions of Curiosity.
Hitchhikers Guide to the galaxy has some story about this if I remember correctly. Spaceships were sent to fight a war, just to find out that by the time the got there the war was over because others who left after them arrived before them.
Technically almost every mirror you buy at a store is in used condition.
Accidentally liking someones post while snooping through their profile is the digital equivalent of stepping on a twig while sneaking through the forest.
Fake drawers are just as shitty as fake pant pockets.
School is the only reliable way for average or poor people to get richer without winning the lottery or becoming a criminal. 
Parents are the opposite of fake friends. They have your back when you arent there and talk shit about you to your face.
I dont think anybody really thinks they got it on the first try.
Sounds more like students mating rooms to me
Where did you get that WEAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION?
Yeah... No
But the mirrors would be covering a varying amount of degrees which they wont be able to see 🤔
Brussle sprouts deserve all the hate it gets
With their eyes?
Sharts are the same as when a burp turns into a mini puke
The vast majority of people you see, you will never see again.
Hallucinations are just VR of the mind.
Im surprised to find theres a genre being called midwest emo and its pretty big. I work in a venue and probably half of our really big shows are this kind of music.  Its kind of like sad boi alternative/ska.
The Grinch was taught as a child to wear clothes. At some point, up on Mount crumpit, he just said, screw it, its nakey time from here on out.
Toilets really do feel like save points, especially on drunken nights
Why would my player pick someone depressed and broke like wtf?  Edit: thanks for the gold and silver bois
A lot of my calculator entries looked something like  1+1 (=)   +1 (=)  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  Seeing how fast I could get to 100 or 1000 or whatever  I didnt pay much attention in class
Id say its more like the brain blue-screening
I find strangers attractive because they havent pissed me off yet
A year ago I went to the pharmacy to buy a pregnancy test for my partner. I was kind of nervous when I went there, and I guess I was expecting some judgemental looks when I checked out. The girl at the register was so sweet and seemed very excited and happy for me, almost disarmingly so. I was kind of confused about it until I realized that some people buy these out of hope, some people buy them out of fear, and I was in the latter group.  
Meat dried grapes? That doesnt make sense.
[deleted]
My brother got me tickets to the UK. Most genuinely excited Ive been for a present,  yet my gratitude felt super insincere... I guess because regardless how thankful I am, my most genuine reaction is awkward silence 
I just searched this subreddit for a post like this and I didnt find one. This isnt a repost. That makes me suspicious. Who are you and where did you get these powers? 
Playing cards another early gaming engine. 
You can’t delete anything from the internet. Once it’s there it’s there. Unless it’s that one porno that’s been removed on every link you use
My first and only siren happened on holiday in Asia... I just stood there, wondering what the fuck was going on until some Japanese woman took me by the hand and led me away like I was a fucking special child...  Still no idea what the fuck happened, I assume Godzilla? Or?
OP is just an stupid incel. 
They would also make a ton of money if they trapped people inside the store forever with monsters
If you were born on June 9th, 2000, you’ll be 69 on 6/9/69.
I dunno. If you saw a 5 year old typing in a word processor 25 years ago, you would think he was smart.   If you see a 5 year old typing in a word processor today, youll still think hes smart.      It kinda depends on what the kid is doing. If they are just playing mindless mobile games, you are correct. But if they are actually using technology to learn, youll feel the same as you used to.
I can imagine him going to some alien repair guy and paying a lot of money to keep them operational. 
In communication studies this is called archetype--the image people envision when they hear a word. Many archetypes are consistent within a language/culture group, and variation in archetypes can offer insight into historic/cultural/environmental differences of those peoples. If I remember correctly we learned that most North Americans hear pig and think of a pink pig, but Chinese hear pig and think of a black pig.   Its a fun exercise to quiz your friends about their archetypes for different words. When I say Bird what color is the bird, is it standing or flying? How about president? 
How do you make a dead baby float?  Two scoops ice cream, one scoop dead baby.
Who pees from their butthole?!
During an important exam my brain goes bye-bye
Then Ive really grown a lot since this morning at brunch.
The adult version of “don’t step in the lava” is getting changed in a public restroom.
I dream of the day that cigarette smoke contains little cilia scrubbing nano robots, that freshen your breath, and finds and kills pathogens.
5 is also the worst number of people to go to a theme park together.   LPT: Dont eat a full meal before going on an intense ride like Batman or X2 at 6flags, Its not you that will suffer the most but the people behind you.  
What is milk steak? 
Reminds me of a story I read about a very large blackout in California and people started calling the police reporting weird lights in the sky.  It was the milky way galaxy they were seeing for the first time without light pollution. 
Except how they feel about non-Nords, especially in Windhelm.
LPT: if you are a few nanoseconds older than a person, get on a plane that flies west a few thousand miles. By special relativity you will get younger than that person. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafele–Keating_experiment   That’s how you can increase the number of people older than you.
I ran a bard-themed DND campaign last year and we had a rapping fire caster named [Spyt’Fiyah, AKA Li’l Two Wandz](https://i.imgur.com/1Y57UfF.png)   Edit: wow silver! Thanks, kind stranger!  Edit 2:  damn! Gold and 2.5k upvotes? My God, it’s full of stars!
Yes, of course they can. Yes, of course its mostly so that the automotive shops can make money. I will say though, as a former mechanic and service advisor, is that often the code that is causing the light isnt easily figured out by the code alone. It mostly just points a mechanic into the right direction to find the problem. The vast majority of people who drive cars wouldnt understand the severity of the code, nor especially how to fix the actual problem. 
You take the kind lengthy showers I aspire to.
[MIT OpenCourseWare](http://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm)
Not exactly an entire different person
Im curious as to how the counties would start to collect revenue when they lose all the money from traffic tickets
Wind chill is in fact reported in Canada and the northern US.
I am very overweight and am trying to lose it. The amount of people who tell me I don’t need to lose weight because I’m beautiful how I am is astonishing.   I tell them that if they think I’m beautiful now wait til the see the weapon I’m going to become!
If you have a bachelors degree in science or engineering, you have as much formal science education as Bill Nye. You are officially a Science Guy.
Lets hope none of us would have to anticipate who would win WWIII
chainsaws are fueled by the decayed remains of their ancient ancestors.
If you have a job and still has debts, then a homeless person has a higher net worth than you.
Leading a real relationship on the other hand is dating someone until you figure out what’s wrong with yourself. So that you can get better and stay, instead of hopping to the next partner and taking your issues to the next relationship that is doomed to fail again.
Not just which piece of food but which **exact** bite of it.
Girls, just yawn and see if he yawns. Yawns are contagious. 
The part that’s hardest for me is accepting compliments they’re immediately filed into the “They’re your friends and just being nice” bin.
A rolling stone works hard, faces the brunt of friction and continues to function.  A fan just floats around, its moving all right, but its not going anywhere, its still idle in its safe little spot without facing any trouble at all.  kinda make sense I guess
The only negative thing about nicer weather is losing all that pocket storage from your jacket.
Yup. It sucks more when one day you are ok but the next you arent. That flip flop doesnt help any in the understanding (RA here). 
People ask what you do for a living so they can calculate the level of respect they will give you.
Birds must see a wall the way we see a pole.
I was one of those. Don’t tell anyone. I just feel better when I don’t eat meat and especially dairy. I don’t care what other people do. But my weight went down and I overate less, and also all of my headaches and fatigue went away.  Plus I love fruits and vegetables so it just worked out for me. I still make meat for the husband and kids. No one asks me about it and I don’t volunteer because seriously who would give a shit about what I like to eat?
I use it when I do a fresh installation of Windows and need to download Firefox.
Theres just something about a competitive opponent which makes you more competitive, only for that competitiveness to make you lose.
The worst part is the blankness. Because when youre a blank slate, its so much easier for the bad thoughts to gain territory than the good thoughts. Lately, Ive started visualizing my death, a lot. Not in suicide ways, just walking around, getting hit by cars, getting murdered, drowning, etc. Thats what fills my blankness.   Edit: Wow, its actually really nice to know Im not alone, not that I would wish this on anyone. I have seen many therapists in my life, for my rape, for my boyfriend dying in highschool, but I havent seen one in about 6 years now and cant afford one as I dont have insurance. But it is on the top of my list once I find a full time job.   Just as I wish my mind would rest, I wish mindful rest to all of you. 
Busta Rhymes is Voldemort confirmed.
40 years from now: woah granma, nobody says savage anymore.
Check your DMs OP, I sent you someone’s butthole. 
It’d be cool if we started doing this for all species.  “Two-eyed Human” sounds much cooler.  
- I swear this bird talked to me !  - Of course Bob, as always Bob.
Many theatre companies are doing modern day reboots of Shakespearean plays.
Asking someone where are you is a recent thing. Before we had phones, we could only talk to people if we knew where they were.
Nobody minds the ones on porn sites all that much.
Publishers spend a lot of money on book covers, if you dont judge a book by its cover you are disrespecting a team of people working hard to make that cover.
The truth is, truth does not exist.
I had a pretty low GPA throughout college, but then I kinda got my shit together regarding life choices. Mainly, using my time better and only staying in social circles that are positive for me.    At that point, I managed to prove myself with experience and worked hard in order to make a good impression in interviews.  I would probably be slightly better off if my GPA was higher, but considering how bad a student I was, Im very comfortable. You can still succeed greatly with a lower GPA, but it might be tougher.
Iron man is technically a Fe-male
It is acceptable.   Do it, and if any one asks, tell them exactly what you said here.
Technically you’re fucking legumes, not nuts. 
It is pretty fucking convenient that time slows down to ensure nothing moves faster than light. Reminds me of what Eve Online does for its huge battles.
Earth is an Alien’s testicle and all 8 billion of us are just sperms.
When someone says say when while serving food and you reply when that used to be a joke but is now commonplace.
Well if ur old(over 65) its a different story..i think
What if your not hard tho?
I brokenly spoke french in Paris. The waittress told me to just speak English. I did not feel intelligent
Im sure theres a drug lord somewhere shaking his head and muttering about how hes the one with the worlds largest drug empire.
r/AskReddit
Getting a vaccine is pretty badass because you beat the life out of a virus and then you absorb it so you can kill its friends easier
I know I should be worried about something, but *what* is it???
There could be a misspelled word in the dictionary, but we could never know
Oh god, this is a great B movie idea. 
Technically speaking, 75% of the cars in space are essentially [stripped down dune buggies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lunar_Roving_Vehicle). 
Or you could just use your penis.
But it stains your upper lip with a mustache, so theres that...
We’re 17 years in. Not even a quarter of the century is over.
Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us.
Peer pressure as an adult is seeing your neighbor mow their lawn.
Facts spoke
[Relevant SMBC](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/a-frankenstein)
ee is stored in the p.
Split universe!!!!! 
Same goes for all DRM for games. I remember when I bought GTA IV for PC, and then I installed it, went through 3rd party management installation crap, then I guess they had changed companies so I had to now install some other third party crap etc, plus the game is out of date so it takes so long to update etc.  If you pirate the game, no DRM and its uptodate on install. Super easy.  If companies can make things easier than pirating (ie steam, Netflix) then people will pay.  Edit: In a child comment I asked about subscription services for games. For the ignorant fools like me, here is a list of responses:   utomik.com   PS Now on PSN   Gamefly   Microsoft Xbox Game Pass for Xbox console ($15/month)   Rare Replay (apparently not the best library, and it isn’t a subscription service, it’s a compilation of 30 title Rareware games. It’s a one time purchase)   EA Origin Access (apparently worth it, $25/year or $5/month, good selection)   Ubisoft (for $9.99/month)   Humble Bundle ($12/month, apparently you keep the games you downloaded after you unsubscribe!) 
See if you do neither you grow up wanting to die
Im not scared of dying, Im scared of not dying but just being really reeally badly hurt and somehow conscious.
The Iron Man Suit Is Literal Plot Armor
[deleted]
Apples could be portals into other universes that we can’t see through:/
So true. Ive told my wife this story too many times. In sixth grade, I wanted to do a report on Meerkats. I had just seen the Lion King and thought they would be a cool idea.  I went to the school library to begin my research. The encyclopedia had a paragraph on them, and a small map of Africa with a blue blob indicating where they lived. That was it, and the tiny town library had nothing to add.  I had zero other options, so I switched it to Dolphins. I did okay.  Edit: Just for fun, I googled Meerkats and got over 4 million hits in .62 seconds.
Birb bocks
Holy shit. Think of how many janitors are thankful for cellphones.
We Could Have Conceptualized the World With Five or six Directions Instead of the Four we Have
I dropped my monster *ethics* for my magnum dong.   EDIT: There be Gold!
My boy used my card for a steam game, just one game was the deal. A week later I check the statement and he racked up another 50 dollars in micro transactions... so I ask him whats up.   Quote its only government money.  He genuinely thought using a credit card was not real money and will never live it down each time he hits me up for more dough.  Edit... yes, we both learned a lesson lol. He is actually good with money (when he knows its his own) and we recently opened his own savings account. Ill teach him about fico next!
Na, I doubt theh will have high pitch sounds
Im the opposite - I hate everyone until I get to know them. If you are pessimistic you can never be disappointed!
All of Harry Potter’s closest friends know how big his member is because they used polyjuice potion to become him.
My grandparents seem to still view it as a kind of status symbol, as they have an antique sword prominently displayed on their wall.  It depends on the sword - owning a $30 fake katana and owning a 200-year-old historical relic are obviously not the same.
No? You are still wearing it, its just with the seams out. Do you not understand the concept of wearing something?
Or when you think youve killed all the enemies and the music keeps playing!
Nope
Peeing yourself in a dream, waking up and realising you didnt really pee is also a dream come true. Not that dream in particular but you know what i mean.
I can still tell the difference. My daughters are a little too tight on me.  :edit: I regret nothing.
I was transferring my number the other day to another operator and I didnt use my phone much, battery lasted for almost 3 days. Now I got my new SIM and barely two days. So usage it is, at least in my case. Although some phones have bad batteries too. 
If you drew a dick on a vampires face while they were sleeping theyd never find out about it.
So if good is good and bad is good, whats bad?  Good! 
Except it is between 1/2 and 1 mile further away now
Might have something to do with the fact that the Olympics is literally a world class event. Thats why its a story. There are shitty conditions all over the world but were not focusing on those either because theyre not hosting a once-every-four-years global championship competition.
However, secret drawers are just as amazing as secret pockets.
Rain is the most relaxing sound ever, single drops falling are the most annoying sound ever.
Babies are cute so you forget how troublesome they are
For the vast majority of the animal kingdom, climaxing quickly during sex is an advantage, but for our species it is socially considered superior to take the longest
I had a Chinese colleague who would love it when I made puns since it tested his understanding of English.
Life could be worse. Milk could have pulp.
[deleted]
Or in my case you get three, one of them eats the other two and lives for 7 years after that. Goldfish super powers. The fish died like three times and came back to life I swear. 
In the age of Google, knowing the right questions to ask really is more important than knowing the answers.
A pear is the Luigi to an apple.
It’s so hard to read the caption written on a girl’s t-shirt and not come off as creepy.
See Dr. James Barry a British military doctor who had risen to the rank of Inspector General in charge of military hospitals. Long story short Barry was a woman pretending to be a man and was super successful about it. It’s safe to assume she used a fake mustache to pull this off. 
Its 2019, and not one cereal company has created zip-locked bags for the cereal
And you havent experienced all the gross (but normal and everyone does) things we as humans do yet. They are pure more or less.
Or when you realize you have to drive 7 hours to socialize with people you dont really like. 
I too am a middle aged man.  The day I bought a chainsaw was the greatest day of my life.
Is this before or after taxes? 
Hence why fire drills are important! Even with regular drills though I would probably run for my most commonly used door anyway 
I dont think I could have resisted going evil if I were in his position. Especially with the symbiote suit. 
Dont go talking any crap about middle earth
Theyve gathered together and are secretly mobilizing.  Their day will come.  Soon.
My son likes NASCAR, and I am fine with that. 
Say what you want I love my damn chicken nuggets. My life is stressful enough I deserve this.
Ive always been the type who barely makes it to breakfast. I would get down there and pick through what was left while listening to kids cry and people talking loudly.  However the Last time I was in a hotel I was pregnant and woke up at 6 am starving. I ended up stalling in agony until 7am.  I found it really peaceful to be a early bird.  There were only two other older gentlemen and a guy wearing glasses and on his iPad.  All were completely silent and chill.  Everything looked clean and neat.    And I was the starving pregnant lady in the corner scarfing down food.  Edit: my poor grammar lol
Ba dum tss 
Praise the sun!  Really though, theres a lot of sun-god comparison everywhere in myth, for a good reason. The sun brings life, existence where there would otherwise be void.  
Maybe little kids have it right when they worship the garbage man, the postman, the guy who drives the semi and cranes, instead of admiring the cesspool of Hollywood that we adults seem to.
Maybe the man just likes detergent.
If you put fans all over your house, and cleaned them every week, would you have a dust free house?
More like pausing your lungs and waiting for your diaphragm to buffer. 
It would be funny if someone was painted with eyes closed
...and cuticles.
It is digested and its minerals and vitamins just get mixed with the rest of them. And vitamins and minerals are just that, No distinction concerning their procedence
Yep, I write a whole passionate angry paragraph and then delete it cause I know no one cares and then I stop caring. 
“a toyota’s a toyota” is a palindrome
Something tells me there’s a lot more than one. 
Anxiety triggered. 
Royaleception
They are closely related.  I grew a watermelon that tasted like a cucumber.  It was the best tasting cucumber and the worst tasting watermelon at the same time.  it was too weird....I had to throw it out.
smelling your own fart puts that fart back inside of you
A college class is like Dora the Explorer. The professor asks a question, stares blankly for a few seconds, then answers his own question.
Why are so many shower thoughts just attacking certain groups lately?  And no, I am neither vegan nor vegetarian
All alcohol beyond this point must be in your bloodstream.
The old tried and failed formula of something is just something else. 
You jelly or wut?
Hold up. Serious question for flat-earthers that just occurred to me: whats on the other side, anyway?
Nothing like swimming in the shallow waters that is r/Showerthoughts sorted by new.
Odd thing is, if his corpse did move, Newton would probably not be surprised. All the stuff we denizens of posterity know him for, Physics, Calculus, were like footnotes to Newton. What he was really, really into was The Occult.
Why stop there, get your pet’s pet a pet and also name that one pet, then you can pet your pet’s pet’s pet Pet. 
Ive always been old because I always snuck out to go home. I love home. Its where all my comfortable things are and least favorite things arent. 
More likely I just wasnt invited
You are Tomato smoothie 😉
Icy winters make walking a puzzle game.
The person who coined the phrase Pain in the ass had some serious constipation problems.
bold of you to assume my parents have my back. 
Thats why Guinness doesnt recognise records that cant be broken.  Edit. http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/records/faqs
And here are my great-great grandparents! https://imgur.com/gallery/J2MrY  Edit: nsfw
Or the joys of really wanting a new release to find out that they were out of it and you needed to get a different far shittier movie. 
More like UR: Unfiltered Reality.
I think its more that the gender balance is so skewed that men cant get good matches and women cant sort through all the messages to find the good ones.
Being a teenager is eating the crust because you’re hungry
If you work for the state or a state company, you still pay taxes, some of which go to your workplace. You are indirectly paying for the most distinguished privilege of working there.
birds are fruit because they grow on trees
So burgers with mayo on them are salads?
The last compliment I had was after I shaved all my hair off and a woman said I had a nicely shaped head. That was about a year ago, still holding on to that one.
Going to leave this right here because Im full of random facts that I like to share: The whole groom cant see the bride before the wedding started a loooong time ago. This was when arranged marriages were almost 100% of marriages (for the rich) and you didnt even know each other, and sometimes you hadnt even met. Men would make a deal with men from other regions and trade a daughter for a tittle or whatever and the girl obviously had no choice and is sent off. The reason the groom want allowed to see her was that if she was ugly, he could be like NOPE but thats less likely to happen if everyone is already gathered and the priest is there. Three days before is a lot easier to say no to. And in this day and age we take it way too literally and ridiculously. 
Will totally have a look! God on your dude!
A car jack boosts a car up while carjackers boost a car away.
[deleted]
Back when I had a normal schedule, I would recognize the same people getting on the subway (in NYC) as me at 830.  Never talked to anyone though. 
We know by the shape of their mouths that they couldnt make most English sounds.
If you dont care about ending up with any credentials, its actually already possible to do this at most universities.
Top 10 Things You Are Doing Everyday That Everyone Hates (Number 7 Will Keep You Awake Tonight!)
Makes sense lol
This took me a moment, but then I giggled a little. You get half an up vote, rounded up because reddit doesnt do fractions.
We had a required financial literacy class that taught about taxes and W2s but so many people that I went to highschool with still complain on Facebook about how they were never taught those things, so youre absolutely right.
I was reading it and it made sense for me asap. I mean, just listen to the first 2 albums for an audio experience.
Life is symmetrical. You start life being looked after constantly by adults to then grow to an age where you have lots of free time, then grow up into an adult to work, to then retire and have lots of free time then go to a retirement home where your looked after by adults.
A lot of the time, I just want you to think about stuff. I dont especially care if you offer up a response. 
Thats why i prefer milkyway
Or youve hung out too much with a friend.
Who Wants to be a Millionaire is the only game show where you can win $32,000 and still feel like shit
Wait till you hear about crab.
If OP ever comes to your house do not say Make yourself at home. Hell be sitting on your couch in his underpants scratching his balls and sniffing his fingers before you finish the sentence.   When Willy Wonka says Anything you want to Do, do it. It is a test to see who is polite, has manners and respect. 
30 second rule?
Im from Ghana and over here, it actually works this way customarily. You meet with the wifes family, state your reason for divorce and if the marriage broke down due to say, the wife having an extra-marital affair, the man gets a refund of the bride price.  So yeah it can get all sorts of awkward down here.
Id love to meet and settle down with a nice young lady sporting a mechanical exoskeleton capable of lifting cars.
No
Do they count as a serving of vegetables or a carb?
A managers job should not be a popularity contest.  * corrected spelling
Pretty sure its still opiates.
My dog just ate his own throw up, so I feel comfortably more intelligent than him.
I don’t know who hurt you, or how bad. But leave the Samsung fridge alone
Same rules should apply: “ok but only if you feed it and help take change the diapers”
Violent is mostly fine, but nudity in movies is a no-no for parents in the states
Hell, I have to adjust the seat in my own car. Ill get in and be like, How the fuck was I driving like this?
The myth about undercover cops being required to disclose that theyre undercover cops was definitely started by an undercover cop
The whole world is actually a video game, and the people with flat earths are the ones with crap systems who cant render everything properly.
A fork is a midget ~~rake~~ hairbrush. That is all.
In one generation we went from, watch your mouth around grandma, shes from a different time, to, Dont mind all the stuff grandma says, shes from a different time.
I have never donated blood... Never really plan on it. If someone asks me why not. This will be my excuse.
Probably watching other animals do it.
Until you find out that fucker is almost done
In times of great inflation, monopoly money is literally worth more than real money.
Depends what type of brownies they are
If we consider a corn kernel a shit nugget, then a bowel movement is a corn carrier and a corn carrier is a corn carrying corn carrying carrier.
Social anxiety is basically Conspiracy Theories about yourself.
its true, but the reason they do it is because crying over rover is fun and silly because hes just a bot. A dying planet is real, and its hard to make that funny and silly
I would pay a lot of money to see every I was born in the wrong time period person put into a reality TV show where they have to authentically live in that time period.
Im a phenomenal secret-keeper because, deep down, I really dont care about your shit enough to actually talk about it.
Ive since learned that people just arent interested in my presence so now Im generally not in contact with anyone.  Edit: Wow of course my top favourite food is Korean Pork Galbi, shit is fucking top notch delicious 10/10 
It harks back to the pre-Watergate days, i.e., The Pentagon Papers.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagon_Papers
If pigs could fly they would probably get the fuck out of all those overfull farms and slaughterhouses, and would peacefully fly in the sky at a save distance from humans
20 years ago. Here are text directions that may or my not get you to your exact destination   Today Here is a map with almost every square inch of the earths surface photographed and directions that update if your facing the wrong way
Alligators are the protagonists in this post-apocalypse story trying to survive low key among the mutants.
40+ year career.  Jesus Im too young to feel this old.
Imagine the astronauts in space...  
It’s weird how an attractive face is the criteria by which we decide whether or not to lick the area a person pees from
Well since volcanoes don’t eject their lava and ash into space, they don’t actually produce any thrust. Also, given the mass of the earth it would take an unfathomably large volcano to make any noticeable change to our orbit.
TIL  A lot of people on Reddit think about Elon Musk during their shower
Ive never been to a doctor since I got vaccinated for the last time at like age 12. And thats basically mandatory so *they* called *us*.  Im pretty much just walking around hoping I dont have cancer or anything
Maybe we have more sympathy for machines because we are just robots with organic parts
My mother would always make empty paper towel tubes wet to unravel, flatten, and dry them so they were easier to put away. I just kind of grew up doing that as well. The first time my wife saw me putting empty paper rolls unter the water, taking them apart and flattening them out to let them dry she looked at me like she just saw an alien in our kitchen. Been married over ten years but she still makes sure to let me know “how fucking weird” that is everytime she sees me doing it. Reading these comments it is apparently not the usual procedure. lol   *******  **Edit** Holy shit. When I went to sleep this comment had 7 upvotes. I just woke up to dozens of people telling me how weird I am. And my wife is laughing her ass off. I agree that she has won this debate. ***BUT***  It doesn’t take much work, time or water. Really. Quickly splash that thing, 2 seconds of fumbling around and you get [this](https://imgur.com/a/c6628EM)  You leave it there for a an hour or so, fold it together like [this](https://imgur.com/a/z74It1h) and that’s it. (this ones still wet but I have to go to work... lol)  It’s not *that* weird. Come on. 
In my life Ive bought at least 20 pairs of nail clippers because I lost the last pair, but I never take them out of my house meaning theres at least 19 places I havent seen in my own house
True terror is to wake up one morning and realize that your high school class is running the country.  - Kurt Vonnegut 
So r/jokes in a brilliantly explained nutshell. 
Timmy Turners reply uh... internet? when his parents ask him where he got wish-based things has become more believable over time.
Apparently some people dont find it too bad
This is what I define as a shower thought. Stupid, makes no sense, probably conceived in a shower, and thought provoking a the same. 10/10. 
I wonder what percentage of ppl are born serial killers
than* Also possibly not. My car keys sit at home 50% of the time our car is driven because my girl friend is driving. 
On the contrary, there might be a sort of butterfly effect. Gay friends take their straight friends out with them, everyone gets laid. Or like... a  hetero couple cant buy any condoms cuz some places ran out because a bunch of gay dudes *came* and took em all... Or like... a bunch of hotels got taken up...  **Butt**erfly effects man.
Putting files on your desktop is the digital equivalent of throwing clothes on your chair
Yeah but the person reading this comment right now has a birthday on September 9th.  You live in a simulation. Wake up.
im sick and fucking tired of constantly reading the word millennial on the internet   edit: i was born in 92, so i guess im a millennial myself 
Also, Snape is a *proven* dick. So...there’s that. 
The things I would do for my own reboot button...
Young MacDonald inherited it.
Alright, who put the sun in the fridge again?
It’s not that heart disease and diabetes runs in the family. It’s that no one runs in the family.
Gosh that’s dark.
If somebody truly claimed to be immortal nobody else on earth would ever live long enough to determine if it was true.
How is this true at all
The older you get the more you realize that adults are just kids who have to adjust to keep living
I was watching a movie last night where they said the word Google, but when it came to actually using a search engine it was generic. It was odd and made me lose focus.
Id be stoked if a fire happened just so I could see what the big deal is with those fire exits.
Ive dated a girl with one arm, and youre right!    A downside I noticed though: sometimes youll be walking down the street and youll go to hold hands but forget which side youre on, and end up pawing at the air like an asshole.  
Basically you are a brain, controlling a Meat suit
Going to be a short life. But really you cant die by holding your breath, you will eventually pass out and then your body automatically starts breathing again. 
You are you without your arms, legs, organs. You arent you without your brain.
Running shorts are super breezy and flowey and when its super hot in the summer they are a whole new experience.
It would really suck getting kidnapped with a cold. If they taped your mouth shut, you really wouldnt be able to breathe.
As a child I pretended to like carrots for my parents. As an adult I pretend to like them for my child. I fucking hate carrots.
my gf and I share a car. Shes usually driving it. When I want to drive I cant even get in properly. I have to sit sideways with one leg in and push the seat back to make room for the second leg.
Donkey Kong isn’t even a donkey.
You ever think about what people will be like in 1000 years? How its almost impossible to think about? In 1018 somebody thought the same thing. You are the uncomprehendable future they thought about.
What up, my tiggers?
My cats only active at night and if I heard it laughing in the darkness Im pretty sure Id shit myself.
There is nothing better than realizing, right after you wake up, that you wont have to face repercussions for the terrible choices you made in your dream.
If you want life to be a bit worse, look up the FDA maximum blood and pus levels in milk. Spoiler: theyre not zero.
This is a very valid point. The world would definitely be a much better place if tasers were issued to retail workers.
Or 00?
When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, theyre just admitting they were overcharging me.
This is pretty cool, and I dont want to seem rude when I say this but, most people arent surrounded by sunlight the first eight minuets of their life, they are born inside a hospital
And that’s why I buy these! End of discussion!  Hot Feet Cozy, Heated Thermal... https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07LB998QZ?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share
Yeah, but they’ll always have to be on the lookout for a sword toting Spaniard. Better to lay low. 
Michael Scott: [after Pam has walked away] I would never say this to her face, but shes a wonderful person and a gifted artist.  Oscar Martinez: What... why wouldnt you say that to her face?
There are about 15.7 million subscribed to this sub. Divided by 365 is 43,013. To about 43k people, happy birthday
Posting newborn’s weight and length makes childbirth rather too similar to fishing
I saw this movie as a kid thinking it was just another comedy only to realize how messed up it was. 
We had an actual fire at work. Everyone on the second floor walked down the stairwell, past the emergency fire exit, across the first floor (passing by the area that was on fire), and out the main entrance.
I just complain so people know that I travel. 
Ugh yes thats why its a long e. 
What
There was an app for that - it was terrifying.
Yet we couldnt even get 2 full seasons of firefly. Murica.
[Whenever I see a vertical video/gif..](http://i.imgur.com/uZanxWe.gifv)
If you go to Walmart and you dont see any weird people, does that make YOU the weird person?
The length of time since the Berlin Wall fell is longer than it stood for.
There should be a millenial edition of Monopoly where you just walk round the board paying rent, never able to buy anything.
The worst is that that could be effective
Fat chance is said sarcastically. e.g HA!, Fat chance of that happening. So not really.
How Its Made is filmed specifically with no on screen text or host so that they can redub it easily in different languages.  They could just record new voices with updated puns and run the show forever.
Can we take this opportunity to change glory holes for USB outlets? Would be really nice to give my phone a quick charge while Im browsing reddit.
With or without butter?
I thought being a science guy meant he enjoys science and does a lot of it in his spare time, kinda like being a “car guy”  most of the best car guys I know aren’t the ones with certificates all over the wall.
To be fair, its value in math is variable.
i stay up until 4 am and get up at 10 am - if i get up any earlier its not enough sleep, if go to bed earlier, ill be sleeping all my free time away. work is 11a to 8p  people always sneer at me for both being online late and sleeping in - wtf else am i gonna do late at night everythings closed
A. So whos driving?  B: ...the car?  A: Well yes, what else would you be driving?
just imagine a snake straight laughing at you 
Omg!
And the asshole is older than your other body part since its the first to develop in a human.
I think this kind of goes on already as one-upmanship where the first person makes a big deal out of a conspiracy and the second guys says But thats just the half of it and then makes like they know the real story.  And they go back and forth trying to outdo each other and make the other guy look like hes a sucker for the mainstream bullshit.  
We call that putting them back to factory settings.
I mean, Im basically always naked at home, too. Come to think of it, Im also foul-tempered and covered in hair...
This exact same thought was posted three hours earlier...
My mum says I am very handsome. Tinder women disagree. There must be a glitch in the App
Everyone rags on people who take pictures of food but as someone who takes pride in their cooking/baking/plating, I would be kinda proud and tickled inside if I caught someone taking a picture of something I made.       It makes me feel like the food I prepared is art (in a way) and not just something theyre going to poop out later. 
I’d be willing to bet any amount of money this is false. Whenever I or anyone I know makes something unexpectedly dank they immediately try and find someone to taste it as well. No one is like let’s scarf this down then make a second batch to show the world. They gotta get confirmation it dank immediately. Especially since creating ice cream likely wasn’t in complete privacy.
Ok why the hell is this the first time I have thought of this?  Thats it, Im going back in the shower.  Edit; wait yeah he is right arent their backs turned? American idol still a thing?
Youve pointed out the bigger problem, which is you thinking that you need to explain yourself. The moment you can let that go, youll be a much happier person. 
A successful marriage ends with watching the other person die.
Which makes me wonder how many of our artifacts are from aliens.  Gunna start watching ancient aliens. 
A dog barking at you while you pass is just a different kind of wolf whistle
Shame is the result of guilt, some people do consider the guilt of something before they do it.  Eating unhealthy and doing something morally wrong go beyond simply getting fat or holding on to belief, genetics and mental illness is also a part of what is at play.
The Simpson’s got so many events correct but none of us will be alive to see what Futurama will get right.
If alcohol was the one that was banned instead of weed then a lot of people would have had memories of hungry stoned fathers instead of angry drunk ones.
Doesnt make getting up out of bed a less of a pain in the ass
If you were given 3 wishes and you wished to lose 3 wishes you would end up with -1 wishes and who knows what would happen to that genie
I’ll fuck that bitch up
Yo dog u mad smart
Except Jared padaleckis hair, that’s just unexplainably magnificent 
i always say, one lasagne plus another lasagne equals one lasagne. i think confucious said it.
For anyone currently in post secondary and feeling some dread, it isnt as bad as you might think.   A lot of people have trouble finding jobs, but that is very often because their Resumes are **really bad**. People tend to have problems adequately portraying their experience, competencies and dont come off as confident in their Resume or the interview.   --------  When you graduate and are looking for work, stop looking at yourself as *I am an entry level worker, ill be humble and take whatever low jobs I can find.*  Be aggressive in what youve learned, what youre capable of and in a Cover Letter, sell why they need **you**, not why you need them.   **Source:** Professional Resume builder  **EDIT:** Will this exploded. RIP my inbox.  **EDIT2:** I tried to respond to as many people as possible. Over 200 combined comment / messages. Literally over 31x more karma for this one post than my previous history combined. 
Well my dad and his friend used to hangout in his room all the time for hours. They started hanging out more after my parents got divorced. 
commonplace in a few years   I really doubt that 
At some point in your childhood, you and your friends went outside to play together for the last time and nobody knew it
No because dogs are good boys and aren’t afraid of the cops
You mean this one?
Wait how do I sign up to be a horse
Hah. I hope it does. Go on soldier, go get em!
Lol wut?
[deleted]
My mom does this with modern medicine. She says things like my mother in law is still alive at 93 years old, and she didnt take any medicine! I never pop pills. Yeah well, a lot of people lived just as long, thanks to medicine, including your own mother who is dependant on dialysis. Also, you have no idea how long the new generations are going to live because we arent there yet. Sorry mom, but there are many times where I could have died but didnt, thanks to medicine and doctors.
Its going to space and back. Give it a second. -louis C K
I booked it from the cops when I was 14 back in the early 90s. It was early Saturday morning at like 2am and my cousins and I had been riding around town and hanging out with friends. They were all 17 and 18. We were hanging out in a parking lot when the cops came and broke it up and told us to go. Some dumbass had a smart comment so the cops asked for everyones ID.   I kind of stood in the back trying to not get noticed when one of them asked for my ID. I told him I didnt have one and that I was 17. He asked for my DOB and I couldnt think of the right year so he said, You see that car over there? Go sit in the back. So I walk over to the car, open the back door, close it and duck down. I then snuck down an alley and booked it. I then heard, HES NOT IN THE BACK!.  I had to run almost 3 miles back to my cousins house. I ran through back yards, jumped fences and hid in a ditch. I came back all scraped up. My cousins said that one of the cops ran to his car and tried to find me. The other cop was grilling everyone else asking who I was. No one ratted me out.
X is the real life version of Y  karma plz
Weve stepped on the moon. Weve landed robots on Mars. But we still havent mastered that awkward delay between studio anchor and field reporter.
I speak English as a Third language and I guess many of us know between 1-3 languages.
A sad, sad, permanent haircut. 
Whenever an artist like Taylor Swift releases a song about a breakup, the ex-boyfriend must be out there in the world somewhere thinking wtf.. what an overreaction...
Those Eastern European assholes killed Daisy. I saw it happen.
Unless there are people in the sewer system waiting for your log to arrive then you are more than likely the *only* one ...
Shit, I remember them EDGE days son. That was painful even then. 
Cinemas should play a clip with someone saying OK Google, Silencio! Hey Siri, adjust volume to zero percent! before the movie starts.
Literally the plot of a Spider-Man cartoon from the 80s.
Yeah, its a pain in the ass.
No but it socially makes a lot of sense;  It’s normally rude to just check your phone in the middle of conversation, but sometimes you get a text or something bothering you and you *have* to, but don’t want to look disinterested.   So if the other person checks their phone too, it’s like signalling a break in the conversation, so they don’t feel bad and they looked out their phone at a natural time of like, changing topics.
Well when you literally own a mountain and live inside it I think nakey time is crucial to assorting dominance over the townsfolks below.
Changing the future is easy. Changing it in a useful and measurable way... not so much. One small thing I do could probably easily cause a domino effect and change many other things, but Ill probably never know about it.
I swear non-stop and my vocabulary is excellent.
Some people believe what they want to believe, no amount of evidence can change their mind. Now lets talk about that third building collapse on 9/11
Maybe that is why sick is sometimes used colloquially to mean awesome. 
My childhood image of a bar was an old-time Wild-West-style saloon, and that image also persists for me whenever a bar is mentioned.
Voted “most likely to succeed” before he even went there
It may not be a palindrome, but ()() is an [ambigram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ambigram).  In fact, it is a dual ambigram as it can be read the same whether mirrored, or rotated 180 degrees.
Mayo + Clinic = Research Hospital. What say you to that, OP?
The way your thighs look when you sit is a motivator not to.
Its funny to laugh at something ironic said un-ironically.
Gen z is gonna say “fuckin normies” about their young people
tiny homes are just rebranded millennial trailer homes.
Imagine if you could talk to single celled organisms and they were sentient, youd be like their god. I am made up of many of you 
News websites have more pop ups and click bait than porn sites.
Nah man, The Legend of Tingle. 
What if you created a story, and released it in the form of last week on... segments and nothing else whatsoever.  Then the audience gets to try and piece together the plot.
People who step up 2 stairs at a time are both active and lazy.
In 30 years there will be a meme stating Remember that meme in 2018 that talked about not buying apple stocks in after watching Forest Gump in 1994 and we were all like darn we missed the boat on that one.
Potatoe  ePotato
Thats why I tell them Im a freelance astronaut. 
*Aaaaaah!*  What is it?! Whats going on?!  Aliens are attacking! Theyve come to invade!  Look, for the last time, you have to stop calling them aliens. Theyre Mexican Americans, and...  No, no, no! I saw a UFO!  Was it a frisbee?  No! No, it was *glowing!*  Was it the moon again?  It was in the middle of the day!  That does not preclude the presence of the moon.  *It wasnt the moon!* It was a big, blocky-looking thing! It blinked from red to green, then used its tractor beam on a bunch of cars!  You saw a stoplight, didnt you?  ... A what?  Honestly, you cant even call that a UFO. It wasnt flying.  Oh, is *that* what the F stands for?  ... Yes? I mean, what else would it stand for?  I always thought it meant flashing.  By that logic, the old woman across the way from us is a UFO.  ... *AAAAAAH!*
A rolling stone gathers no moss but a moving ceiling fan gathers dust like a motherfucker.
You cant blink while youre asleep, Even if everyone on earth was awake at once people with only one eye can only wink, not blink.
No I’m scared of that dark ass corner 
Would you still have to put them together?
Bro i think my guy is fuckin mental
If this was a statement then yes, thats very logical
When you’re a kid, you and your friends hang out in your bedroom. When you’re an adult, you and your friends hangout everywhere in the house BUT your bedroom.
The spiders that live in Buckingham Palace now are probably the descendants of the spiders that lived there during Victorian times - its a whole parallel royal family but with spiders
Anniversary:  >the yearly recurrence of the date of a past event.  https://www.dictionary.com/browse/anniversary
Yeah but the line is just a bit too small. *OCD triggered*
You realize our bodies turn carbs and alcohol into sugar. Diabetes isnt always caused by eating sugar like in the case of type 1 diabetics whose pancreas just doesnt work.
My biggest fear when my family takes me out for birthday dinner. 
My husband died in 2015, my dog helped me through that. 3 months later I had to put my dog down (she was 18) and I needed my husband to get me through that. Life is cruel sometimes.  Side note: relocated about 1500 miles away and getting a rescue dog filled that void. I ended up adopting a dog that coincidentally was from the town I had just moved from and that my husband died in. ❤️
In wiccan folklore and germanic, latin, ETC, the hands are the most spiritually powerful part of the body and are best used for rituals as such bloodletting
Old MacDonald doesn’t have a farm anymore.
[Relevant](https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/mattress.png )
this might sound ridiculous, but back in school when I was young, I had flung a whole bunch of chocolate pudding at the wall  the campos knew my friends and I hung out there and so I was afraid they would pin it on me. the next day, I brought vanilla pudding to cover it all up. it worked but once it dried, it turned yellow. lol...
Except now days dont most of them have them long before anything of theirs makes money?
Our theme park had/has a ride for kids with a (obviously) non-functioning steering wheel. When we were really little, my cousin and I would sit up front with our Moms in the back. We thought we were really driving, with the person in the passenger seat yelling at the driver to make sure to turn at each corner. We both got early experience to somebody critiquing your driving from the passenger seat. 
Waldo, the worlds greatest assassin
I wouldnt mind watching my wife try on pretty dresses. Am I weird?
My mom did 23 and me this summer, it came back saying my uncle was only a half uncle. She asked family friends and it turns out my grandmother had an affair and passed my mom off as her fathers kid. A fact that my grandmother clearly intended to take to her grave but science caught up.  Edit: just to clarify some more, my mother is the eldest of 2. My grandmother was married to my grandfather but there was a time where they didnt live together because of jobs. In that time my grandmother had an affair and that led to my mother. She couldnt convince the affair guy to leave his wife and get together so grandmother told my grandfather that my mom was his. They later had my uncle together, I believe on an attempt to save the marriage but they divorced anyway. So my uncle is grandfathers kid but my mom isnt. Not many people knew about this and those who did thought it was up to my grandmother to tell my mom not them. My grandmother passed away two ish years ago and everybody assumed she just intended to take it to her grave.  Edit 2: its my moms half brother not specifically my half uncle. On the sheet it said 50% match likely half brother or something like that
Hurting myself in my 20s: Ignore the pain until it goes away. Hurting myself in my 40s: Well, thats in my life now.
If we're all the main characters of our own lives, then life itself is one big crossover episode
Imagine being blind in Australia ...
Did you have this realization while you were doing it? 
I agree.  I never leave an app to give them a review.  Maybe a pop up with the option to write a review would lead to more people giving apps reviews/ratings
Grew up pretty poor although our parents always made sure we had a nice Christmas. Still, we were aware of money very early on. Then one year when I was about 9 I remember my mum sobbing at the dinner table as we opened our one gift (miniature shower items:shampoo, shower gel etc)  We were happy enough with our gifts but seeing my mum just sobbing because she thought she was failing us was the worst feeling ever.
This link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20vA9U7J2qQ  Explains a lot of what went wrong during filming. I mostly forgive Peter Jackson after watching it.
Something like this happened in the comics, with a double-bladed lightsaber. Some guy saw its owner, a Jedi, get killed by a Sith Lord, and the guy picked up the lightsaber to try to protect himself and his daughter, and he didn’t know that it had two blades, so when he turned it on, he stabbed himself and his daughter. 
Morality aside, this is because your perception of risk is based on both probability and severity. The _probability_ of being caught might not be any higher if you do it, but the _severity_ is, because unlike a common thief, you have a lot more to lose. That makes it legitimately riskier, even if you are both as likely to get away with it.
If our world was a simulation… why shouldnt the programmers be able to debug any unwanted developments?
I work with elementary kids in a rough neighbourhood. I used to be clumsy and lose games, that stopped quickly after they started trash talking me. You think I cant school your 8 year old 3 foot 3 ass in basketball punk
Celiac?  This anti-gluten rage is pissing me off. Its getting to the point where establishments are lying because they know the majority of Im allergic to gluten idiots are full of shit, which spells bad news for actual sufferers of celiac.
I wanna upvote this twice. 
Keys  **J (-10sec) / K (pause) / L (+10 sec)**  controls youtube video even if video is not focused (clicked on)   *^thanks ^for ^my ^first ^gold ^stranger!*
Yeah but what if your actions were just the butterfly effect of your predecessor’s actions
The documentary The Land Before Time proves that they actually did.
Instead of a Mummy’s Curse, in a couple hundred years when archaeologists are sitting through data on old computers, someone’s accidentally going to unleash an ancient computer virus into their network
We are getting a new Steve Jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that Apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years anyway.
or What you are talking about?  
Online schools like edX you can do all of what you said.
I had friends when I was young that pulled a similar prank.  Step 1. Freeze hot dogs Step 2. Hammer frozen dogs into neighbors lawn Step 3. Enjoy
*sees baby on board sticker  what a piece of shit
We had a principal that would encourage underperformers to leave school to keep the school average up. Mostly like, youre not doing well here, theres great manufacturing jobs at caterpillar!
Except fish, they have their own 1% of people who know how to take care of them.  
Whenever Disney re-imagines an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they’re essentially making an animated film.
That happened at my last job! The day after I left, three people (Out of the six remaining) walked off the job, leaving the manager, assistant manager, and a part-time high-school kid that had been there for literally a month.  It was a shitshow. A glorious shitshow.
More like bees. We keep them in boxes and smoke them.
When I was young everyone was saying Lake Tahoe was bottomless, I have to go Google it now to see if they ever found the bottom, brb, talk amongst yourselves, topic is Nuclear Winters.
Relevant great [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLRLYPiaAoA) called 27 by exurb1a
Perfume commercials are so weird because they are advertising a smell without using smells
The phrase: Dont move a muscle is technically impossible unless youre dead, because your heart is a muscle.
unicorns are technically just horses with a deformed tooth
I thought only the Great Pyramid was a wonder
I think Bill was trying to teach all of us that the only thing required to be a science guy, was an interest in science. 
A whаles blowhole is a modіfied nostrіl, so a whаle breаching the wаter and sprаying is essentiаlly a whаle doіng a snot-rocket. People then use pіctures of these snot-rockets to decorаte their homes, offices, and creаte motivаtional posters.
Wireless chargers make your phone movement more limited than the wired one.
Ive always found it funny how if youre trying to imply you have a large penis, no matter what you say, it sounds like youre lying.  Edit: My top comment is now about dicks. Thanks Reddit
When spelling mistakes cause someone a lot of irritation it is because they are typo-allergenic.
Agreed, I’d say relearning tho
For example, every single friggen minion meme. 
[deleted]
Yeah stories about my meth addiction dont really go over well in the teachers lounge. 
When people say “scientists are sometimes wrong” they omit the fact that the people who disprove scientists are mostly other scientists.
Reading history is like reading the prequel of your own life
Yep..overheard Dad telling a buddy once it was halftime of the Rose Bowl..#facepalm #Virgo
ovulation Olympics
Sad fact, you probably wont get caught and neither will they unless you kill someone for their card.  Ive had my accounts compromised a couple times in my lifetime.  One I spotted literally hours after it happened by checking my account.  The person was getting $1000 worth of computer equipment and the cc company could easily have found out where it was being shipped.  The credit card company refunded my money and when pressed on the issue they said its not worth their time to go after that small charge.  It upset me.  I asked the guy for the shipping address but he wouldnt tell me.  Bummer.
Things worked out in the end 
Watt is the unit of power
alcohol = force shutdown
Rule 4. No wordplay.  However, I did like that.
Do you think that there is a World Record recorder who holds the World Record for recording the most World records?
👉🏽Literally👉🏽
The more you learn, the less you realize you know.   Hence why uneducated people can err on the side of being a know-it-all.  Edit - I am now an *expert* on the Dunning-Kruger Effect. Thanks, Reddit.
Negative thoughts are like fat, it takes a long time to get rid of it and only a short time to gain it back.
Weve established when the mutation occurs - two non chickens creating a chicken. However, the actual argument is whether that egg belongs to the animal who laid it or the animal inside it.
Dont worry, me and my pal here are just having some lettuce over something. Carry on.\\  Man, I got lettuce with that guy...dudes a prick.  Whats the deal, Bob? What you got so much lettuce with this girl?
Its very likely that some artists perform songs they dont like because their taste has changed over time.
Welp, now I’m afraid of myself in the dark. 
We use tables to keep food off the floor, table cloths to keep food off the table, place mats to keep food off the table cloth and plates to keep food off the place mats.
Real VIPs don’t have to pay to advertise that they’re VIPs. The same with how people who are actually intelligent never have to say it straight out.
*Bank error in your favor. Pay $500 anyway.*
The biggest problem with the internet is that it gives you a front-row seat to witness how insane the world is.
If youre 25 and single in 2018, nobody bats an eye. If youre 25 and single in 1818, people worry youll die an old maid. If youre 25 and single in 1418, its because your third husband just died of the plague.
I actually am going to get my license soon and Im already hating having to drive myself soon.     EDIT: Ofcourse the 3rd most common language is the one I fail at...
So, cyclists are just Hells Angels Unplugged?
The voice in your head is you asleep somewhere speaking out loud
My favorite timepiece is still my phone. Its the timepiece with the most porn. 
Papa Khan
Condiment, are you trying to breed confusion? 
thats ok Im fucking his ex
Hire moral but proud lazy people. They wont try to get out of work because of their morals. But they will avoid doing any excess, so they find highly effective shortcuts. No loss of quality, because of pride, too.  Edit: moral/morale/morals  Thanks for the heads up!
...Or the space travel Ill never experience.
If Samsung doesn’t come out with marketing soon with something to the effect of “we don’t slow down older phones like apple,” they’re probably guilty too
I think the same thing for taking dumps and pissing. If I can take dumps for an entire year in one sitting, imagine how much time Id save the rest of the year.  Every Jan 1 would be a dump day. 
I didnt even know I could drop out of school until the Be cool, stay in school guy gave a speech at my school.
If you are referencing the racist aspect of this then the term was not colours it was coloureds; as in a white man and a coloured man.
Different length vocal chords is they even have them.  
I see where youre going but nah. trash humans gonna chuck any bottle
I chose Sugar Puffs all those years ago and now my life is a mess. 
*angry frown*  I mean I fucking guess so.
Probably more people are happy to see a negative result.  Also probably people who are waiting and hoping for a positive result buy more tests. 
If you start counting from zero to either positive or negative numbers your lips wont touch till you reach 1 million
The doctor will sniff you now. 
People are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with Brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there
I dont know, mines been trying to get us both killed for years.
This is exactly what I did, but without the whole “graduate” part...
Both concrete and glass are mostly made of sand which makes skyscrapers just really tall sandcastles
doge
TIL Statistically, I have a high chance of being at the right orgy
Google only shows you a limited number of those results. For example when I searched horse just now it only gave 28 pages of results and adding the cut pages(at the end of the search) offers 44 pages. I don´t remember how Google comes up with the big number but it doesnt actually offer all those for you.  EDIT: 44 pages out of presumed 838 000 000  results
Your future self is talking shit about you
If he cant smoke where he is, he finds somewhere else.  People want his money so theyll let him do what he wants.
The longest game.
I cut loose on my third date with this girl. I stopped for gas, closed the car door knowing it would be my perfect chance. Started pumping while simultaneously shooting a hurricane out of my ass. I got back in the car and she was hysterical... my mini cyclone made it’s way THROUGH MY CAR DOORS loud and clear.   Five years later we’re still together. 
I would think the guy performing for the camera would have also have an excuse.
Yo mamas so fat, when she sat down she was 3 feet taller
I thought they fucking did! Turns out they DONT mean the tiny traffic lights you can see in the background even though they SHOULD DEFINITELY COUNT. 
Hersey’s kisses are really just big chocolate chips.
Adulthood is understanding why Shrek just wanted to be left alone.
Maybe the first person who inhaled helium was really disappointed when the effects wore off.....
People who voluntarily wipe a public toilet seat of a mess other than their own don’t receive enough recognition.
Thats the thing, their logic was pretty much if she survives [insert barbaric murder method], shes obviously a witch and we should kill her, but you never hear what their actual plans were for killing someone whos just survived being killed.
You have never lived in a yesterday or a tomorrow, it’s all today
Youre welcome 
listen to your dad he’s 7 years old! 
Someone just watched Daniel Radcliffe’s WIRED interview 😏
Im just going to bring up net neutrality and quietly walk away...
Brb, going to try this and see how my dog reacts.
I blame penguins for starting this
Report: Some of us are amputees. I find this more offensive than having my diaper changed. 
Demetri Martin mentions this in one of his jokes. He basically said he never actually exercises so if someone ever found his computer they would just see a bunch of shirtless before photos of him out of shape and getting progressively older.
Millions of organisms die and are born on your body every day.
Only if you dont have [aphantasia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphantasia)
But only one is acceptable to put in someone else’s mouth. 
Little of this, little of that. But waking up and to do things you dont want *is* a real life skill. 
Thats beautiful.
Al said that he had originally been nicknamed Weird Al by fellow students and he decided to take it on professionally.
I like a challenge. Ill do it tomorrow. 
When Im approached by a person 4 feet shorter and 10 times weaker than me, I become very uncomfortable.
And driving in with a bike, segue or a shitty Tikes car is like walking into a fancy party but with one of those fake tuxedo t-shirts 
In a universe where Spider-Man exists, NYC architects need to give a lot of extra thought to the load-bearing strength of exterior windows on skyscrapers.
Why own a 10 second car when you can be a 10 second man?
Today, I told my best friend’s 8 year old son that he needs to start putting some pressure on his dad to get back in shape because he’s getting fat. His son responded, “He’s not fat. He’s my dad.”
People are often ok with abuse as long as it’s not bothering them directly. 
Wasn’t even infinite! Got that shit banged out by 1616!!!
If you run at 11pm you are a night person. If you run at 5am you are a morning person. If you run at 3am you are a suspicious person.
The world of magic could easily  be exposed with just one magic person doing a  live stream.
No lol
This is how you earn a downvote 
Why is your family taking pictures of you in the shower ? 
Spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch. 
How do you like this Oppurtunity? Will be the common response. All 17 of Bill Cosbys kids work for NASA. Saw that on PBS and a TED talk.
Every James Bond is still alive and I can hold out hope for them all to make a cameo appearance in one together! 
Depends on the context, as well as how you wield it.  I met some really cool people when I moved here, and their mom sings in a rock band. Your mom was hot! is very much a complement, and I tell it to her face, in front of her drummer boyfriend who is also now my friend.
If your identical twin got plastic surgery, it would be hard not to feel a little insulted
[removed]
Ill go one further...you can easily recognize someone just by the way they sniff when their nose if runny or congested.  I work in an office environment, and can with 100% accuracy know whos sitting in the stall next to me just by the way they sniffle.
PBS had a bunch of shows like this in the 90s all called (something) house, like 1940s House or 1900s House. The families that got to live on recreated history shows had at least one individual who wished they live in that time period and had a cold dose of reality. They were great shows because of that same premise. 
Poutine flavored potato chips are just potato flavored potatoes
Well not really, wasnt the whole deal that Neo being woken up was all part of the machines knowing that some peoples need for the truth would wake them so they may as well guide them all to the same place then follow Neo and kill everyone, effectively turning the system off and on again?? 
Thats what your mom said last night....
Its a missed opportunity that the word palindrome isnt a palindrome.
Looks like you took that shower after all
Autocorrect should be named Autoassume. It doesnt know if the changes are correct.
Many people hold world records without even knowing.
Oh yeah. Never had to try to pass through highschool. Graduated, got to university and got a rude awakening. My work ethic is slowly getting there but i was definitely stunted in that area. 
Wheres Brendan Fraser when we need him?
If race horses could comprehend that victory meant a lifetime of leisure and sex they’d probably run even faster
Like MegaMan or Kirby. 
When bread goes stale, make croutons or bread pudding.
Maybe nothing can go faster than the speed of light because thats the tick-rate of the server our simulation is running in
Was reminded of the phrase, explosive diarrhea. 
Kinda like money 
They have this in our local children’s hospital. It originally had other intentions (music, etc) but it was found that the parents used them to go and relieve the pressure of their situations they were dealing with by yelling. Kinda sad, but anything that helps is good I guess. 
In the next 100 years everyone on Reddit will most likely be dead
Well old people look like ball sacks so you arent very far 
You think youre unique until you have to choose a username
Im not committed until I turn my rotation lock off to actually be able to watch a video in landscape.
Im confident that I could kill myself, but I also havent tried it. And I am not planning to either. 
Once I realized I could survive on $20 a day for non-rental living expenses.. I stopped worrying about money as much. Its nice.
Now thats what I call 19 century!
yes
Dogs became domesticated members of human societies (15,000 years ago) before humans even learned to farm and heard animals (10,000 years ago); they truly are mans best non human friend.
Or a prison 
I used to keep a copy of an online story on the wall of my work cubicle about a guy who built a building on the wrong lot  No way you’re hiding that fuck up  Edit: It would have been around 2005.  I think it was from the career advice syndicated columnist Carole Kanchier. I even ransacked my house to see if I still have it somewhere...  I’m tryin’, Reddit!
I would have to agree.  Though insects are the Illuminati of the animal kingdom and secretly ruling everything.
No matter what you think of his music, the fact that Eminem has never used the ‘N’ word, speaks volumes about him. Especially when he’s probably the only white person who could get away with using it.
When we discover that adults are not perfect, thats the end of our childhood. When we forgive them for it, thats the end of our adolescence.
If Farquaad had picked Snow White, he wouldnt have needed Shrek to get her, since theres no dragon to get past. 
[deleted]
*watch grass die
And a fool who makes random nonsensical proclamations (Pythia)
If you receive $1 for every second starting now, you’d be a billionaire by 2050.
Sometimes my phone vibrates in my pocket even though Im not having it on me
Is immortality now limited to one person? I missed that memo.
Lets just be thankful that Reddit is comprised solely of mature and respectful human beings who would never go full Mythbusters on this theory.
Battle royale games are fighting in their own battle royale for the number one battle royale game
Until they cut you off while driving. 
Probably not.  if they had wings but could not fly it would be tastier.    Meat that is exercised is tougher than meat that is not.  Theres a reason we dont want our chickens to fly, and why the shoulder of the cow is not as tasty as other parts
I have a USB charger that has to be plugged into a USB port to charge so it can charge my other USB devices.   : |
Not really. You can’t jail one for life and the other just for a few years for accessory.  
I don’t think mtv could fit this show on their schedule. Just take a look it’s so full. ridiculousness, teen mom, ridiculousness, teen mom 2, ridiculousness, jersey shore reboot, ridiculousness. Just no time in a 168 hr week for anything else.
25 years ago seeing a toddler use technology was seen as a stroke of genius, today it is largely met with thoughts of a lack of parenting.
Country singers lose the woman and their money, rappers get all the money and the women.  Maybe theyre the same guy at different points in his life.
Wise is to not put it in a smoothie and drink it
Spiders? WTF are you talking about?  — Buckingham Palace cleaning staff.
Hey man I said lets get spooky, not whats the fastest way to therapy 
Somebody who thinks that feathers on dinosaurs would suddenly make them not-scary has never been chased by a goose.
Lol! Right on! My kids play rugby. Brutal sport.
And survive the winters in a cave 
Shit you’re right.
Boats and trains would like a word with you 
an enormous four legged ant.
skyrim, I love that game to death but it’s boring because I know every single line and when they say it
[removed]
Only if it goes on the right way, otherwise Im flipping it.
Ive had the most mind fucking experience one time, I dreamed that I had taken a piss and I felt relieved. Then I woke up later panicked and felt my crotch and it was completely dry, not even a drip! 
Same goes for Hungry Hungry Hippos. 
Revolution happens when rich people are unsatisfied.
My old room mate and I called it creating the condo of lies whenever wed clean up in preparation for one of us to bring a girl home... usually him :(
As a child, whenever I saw a limousine I always expected there was someone rich or famous inside. Now when I see a limousine, I expect its a bunch of trashy high school kids.
Do obese people in America not know they need to lose weight? Sounds a lot like telling a smoker that cigarettes cause cancer.
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume
The every kid gets a trophy thing was NOT an attempt to bolster self esteem - it was an attempt to sell more trophies to more people
They also overcharge. I just had sears come out to quote a remodel for a small hallway bathroom. They quoted me 12,000. This was without the wood flooring I wanted, replaced with a cheaper one. Without the sink/cabinet I wanted.  Just to give an idea, I had the bathroom done by someone else for 3,000. Warrantied and looks exactly how I want.
The alarm will ring in 6 days, 8 hours and 9 minutes   8 hours? Perfect.
Absolutely! I know they can’t see them anyway but I think he would be much better at listening, plus he wouldn’t be full of himself sitting there trying to sing over the top of the contestants or dancing like the other show-offs
I love this joke hahahaha
Here, you play as the bad guys once a classic big brother move, now a dad move. 
Girl or man, i dont care, i just want other people to acknowledge my existence in a positive light occasionally
That happened almost weekly in my childhood. Such a character building experience
Ive completely forgotten my shampoos instructions. 
Its the wet sock you get from other situations too.
We probably don’t need to specify ‘duck-billed’ when mentioning the platypus, but everyone always does
Directors dont usually write their own scripts. 
Unfloop ❤
Being a blue collar garbage man turns into being an Environmentalist Earth Surveyor.
The Simpson family hasnt bought a new car in a long time.  Sure, theyre obviously far more wealthy than your typical American family, but times is tough. 
Also has a pretty high chance of getting stabbed for spoiling endings of books.
This is actually an issue in Doctor Who
Atleast well quickly forget all the ones that died last year.
Twist: It turned out to be a bunch of carnies vaping. 
My coworkers are so jealous that my girlfriend picks me up for lots of our dates (she lives just outside the city, so if we hang out close to her place I drive and vice versa) its awesome not having to drive most of the time. 
All the food you’ve seen in a movie has rotted away by the time you actually see it
.
Huh. Id tend to disagree. For the majority of men Ive known, the sole objective of golf is to spend the most time away from the wife and/or kids for the most hours without getting into trouble. 
Haha this is a good one. 
No, raisins are grape jerky.
Or real life for that matter. Two strangers have a pleasant conversation in real life and later on at some point get into a fight online.
Having a broken parachute and pulling the secondary is the ultimate double or nothing
Maybe Flat-Earthers are just running an elaborate con to get some rich people take them to space for free to prove them wrong
Well just go to Dark Cave and catch Zubats. you cant reduce infinity.
Have you heard their metal? They still are those people. They just express it differently. 
But when you autoassume, you make an ass auto u and me..   Edit: wow, this gold came auto nowhere, thanks kind stranger! 
This shit fucked me up.
Laser tag is just paintball that doesn’t hurt.
If X = O, that ruins tic-tac-toe
When I was a kid I thought jet lag was planes getting stuck in the sky....and it had some weird side effects
the door is basically a teleportation device to a dog
Because the Panama Watergate would be the Panama Canal. Edit:  I guess I make the golden joke.  Thank you!
Very true. I always take an extra day or two off when i come back from a vacation... just to reset 
Yes it is. 
I get excited about furniture now :(
Life is not opposite of death but birth is because life is eternal.
I always thought tuna was
Scream Room Fee: $150
When playing a video game, easy mode is just hard mode for the bad guys
Honestly, someone could wear a watch that expensive and it would have very little effect on my perception of their monetary decisions, mostly because Id have no idea it was a $20k watch.
Teachers never left school, they’ve been in school for their lives even after college until they retire.
Wireless chargers are useful at night. When I am tired and want to go to bed, I would much rather just set my phone on my night stand and let it charge than dig between my bed and my nightstand for a cord. Its just for convenience, and because it will be charging over night the slower charging isnt a big deal.
Until you get that age where you look old enough 😔
They would still be annoying, cause they wouldnt take the fat evenly, still make a buzzing sound around you, and leave unwanted sores. 
Prepare for the worst hope for the best. Dont expect anything and you wont be dissapointed
I mostly use my drivers license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
No, theyre made at a bird factory in the void called Wyoming. European and Asian birds are made in Finland, Denmark, and Italy. Everyone knows this.
My grandmother had this friend Gayle who shed been best friends with since 6th grade, absolutely inseparable. Gayle couldnt have kids so my grandmother even named my aunt after her. I remember when I was young, my dad would bring me to her house for cookouts with their group of old lady friends, there was a group of like 7 of them plus their husbands.  Through the years the group became smaller and smaller. My parents never made me go to their funerals because I really didnt know any of them that well except for Gayle and a lady named Pattie (and also didnt realize they were dead). Then when I was 15, it got to the point where it was just Gayle, Gayles husband, Pattie, and my grandparents.   Then within the span of like 2 years Pattie died, then my grandfather died, then Gayles husband died. All Gayle had left was her best friend, my grandmother. Then last year my grandmother died.   She outlived every single one of her friends. I remember feeling less upset about my grandmothers death than seeing Gayle showing up to her funeral all by herself. Im sure she has friends elsewhere but she outlived every one of her close loved ones.   I NEVER want to be Gayle.
No dumb bastard ever won a war by going out and dying for his country. He won it by making some other dumb bastard die for his country. General George S Patton.  Edit: heres another from Patton that applies : It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
An updated version of "Diamonds are girl's best friend" is "Followers are girl's best friends".
Vertical videos are like watching a video through a keyhole...
I’m going to start saying “Now kids, no butt tube’ing on the bus”
I sort of have a funny story about this. My Dad grew up on an army base post WWII, my grandfather was a medic with the Canadian armed forces.  Everyday at his school there would be an air raid siren, and he would have to jump underneath his desk and crouch down (you know, duck and cover.)    So my Dad grew up, and went to TUDelft to study engineering. One day while he was in a lecture with hundreds of other students, an air raid siren started going off, he immediately jumped under his desk and did the duck and cover.  He told me his entire class just looked at him, and then his professor carried on the lecture as if nothing had happened.   Turns out they test the air raid sirens every month; but for my dad it was so ingrained that when he unexpectedly heard the siren, his first instinct was to duck and cover.
Ive always thought that if youre someone whos actually stepped foot on the moon looking up at it would be completely different. 
Prince Charles is nearly 5 years older than the UK men’s retirement age, and he’s not even started the job he was born to do.
Missing your stop sucks though. 
The second my mom left for a trip my dad and I ran out, bought an ice cream cake and ate it instead of dinner. It was a good reminder of where I come from.
Things just disappear, its undeniable. Once I threw our scissors down the stairs for my mum. Once they left my hand, they never made a sound. They never landed, nor did they ever show up. There was only a very limited area they could have fell in, but a thorough search made it clear they had vanished.  This was years ago, and we still talk about the vanishing scissors to this day. 
What about vodka?
This is a good thing if you live in a declining neighborhood like I do. If you start picking up trash and maintaining your yard, and generally give the appearance that someone gives a shit, next thing you know, a couple of other neighbors will too. Voila! Chain reaction of neighborhood improvement. 
That’s like calling christmas an excuse to give people stuff
Was that the guy who posted the shower thought about flowers a few hours ago?
Not a showerthought, reported to mods.
Woman here: bras are good but sometimes taking my socks off are the best feeling. 
Being 35 and not wanting to work in the field for which youve prepared is like being half way through an RPG and realizing youve built out your skill tree all wrong and you cant respec and you cant make a new character and there will never be another video game again
An atomic clock has the most moving parts  According to the most accurate caesium atomic clock in the world, 1 second is the time that elapses during 9,192,631,770 cycles of the radiation produced by the transition between two levels of the caesium 133 atom.   Thats a smooth movement
When I was a young teen I admit I used to give my little (10 years younger) brother a controller, ask him what character he wanted in Melee, and then set it to CPU with the controller plug stuck under the console instead of plugged in. Id change its difficulty and purposely lose a few times, too.  It actually worked for a bit, but he was *not* thrilled when he finally figured out my betrayal....
Wearing ‘running’ clothes is only important so people know it’s your hobby. If you go running in normal clothes everyone wonders what you’re running from.
It counts as a sign of success if theres a porn parody of something youve made or helped make.
[deleted]
Watch the new salad fingers, it explores this idea. 
And that losing meant glue factory.
Well I work in a public library and now Im disgusted.
I think putting up a baby to adoption does that in a much better fashion. Just saying.
Used to apologize for my son Andy all the time cause he used to Naruto run across the aisles at Walmart but now he apologizes for me when I ask others silly questions like what a JUUL is. Haha XD   Edit: thanks for the silver kind stranger! Also yeet to you too.
I freaking wish.  But then I am sure that employers would start keeping track and be like I gave you 2 days off. Thats at least 48 hours of sleep. I see no reason why you cant work for 5 days straight. Manage your sleep better
Where the hell do you live where most of the dogs live in the street??? Youre name is Alex Bublick or some such nonsense, so I have to doubt youre third world.
Twice plus one because of Chandler bing
We live in a society 
Every shot of your city would be full of garbage.
Do this all the time!
I dont like sand
Nope. Not even if you try. Unless you move, I suppose...
My wife buys that bread for herself. I don’t eat it. I don’t even think it should be called ‘bread’. They take a pound of seeds, throw it in a bag and try to convince us you can make a sammich out of it.
I like to think that there is a guy in Metropolis who is constantly shouting “Look, up in the sky!” every time he sees a pigeon.
Short Epitaph:  The man who never gave us up, or let us down, or turned around to desert us has indeed left the world behind. Rick has officially rolled us.   Edit  Gold!!
A circle has no beginning.
Yes! I literally get nauseous when im a passenger with my parents, they have lead feet. Mom speeds up towards a red light then hits the breaks.. as a kid I just thought that I got carsick easily, turns out I dont have that problem when im with other people.
Your remaining phone battery after a day of work is directly correlated with how productive you were that day
For some reason this post makes me happy.
And in ten years youll wonder how you ever slept so late.
Porn Stars are just crowd-funded prostitutes.
Ich brauch meine Zahnbürste!! 
Will fat Tony win the game?   Fat chance.
Knowledge is knowing that you can carry all the groceries in one trip.  Wisdom is knowing that full hands cant open doors.
What percentage of Showerthoughts posts are about vaccines now lol
Then does bear grylls have the solution for you!
Every time I open a fizzy drink my cats go bananas. 
If you had both an orange *and* an apple, you were having a luxurious lunch.
In the original story, the prince didnt notice that the step sisters had cut off parts of their feet to fit in the shoe until a singing tree pointed out all the blood. Twice. Hes just an unobservant idiot.
Well now, that really is a the Horse of a Different Color
Hear isnt accurate.  Hearing is by means of your ears, that part of your senses.  Your thoughts are in reality, a type of mental perception and consciousness.   Dreams are the same thing, exception is that youre typically sleeping to experience those.  
I too have spat out my bite of raisin cookies on occasion. In most cases the cookie did not survive.
Dreaming for me is watching a movie with a shitty plot, shitty actors, and shitty bedsheets..and there’s always shitty bedsheets.  Always.  
is that why Tapatio gives me a boner?
because that was YOUR place. Mom and dad had the rest of the house, but your room was yours. 
My social anxiety (I dont know if thats the right term), works in a weird way. I feel confident when talking with people, but right after the conversation ends I think about everything I said and I feel stupid for it.  For example:  >Hey, youre wearing collants and its freezing, youre crazy!  >Ahah, Im fine  >After a minute or two I wonder how inappropiate have I been, how I might have been rude...  I know its all in my head, but sometimes I feel bad nonetheless. I think I needed to share this.
Cinderellas dress must have been very revealing if the prince looked at her all evening without being able to remember her face.
Depends though, if the giants were feeding you, washing you, buying you stuff, and overall putting up with your shit youd eventually get comfortable.
Getting a targeted FB ad for Reeses Cups as someone with a peanut allergy restores hope that big brands dont know everything about you
Quality post
An object in motion tends to stay in motion while an object at rest tends to stay at rest.                                                                --Science.
Kinda like saying Im sorry and I apologize. 99% of the time they are interchangeable except when your at a funeral.
It’s my handwriting! 🤪👍
I have a friend who can say a few German and Russian sentences, and can also say Omai wa mou shinderu, then claims to everyone he meets that he speaks German, Russian, and knows most Japanese.
Is the anti-vaccination movement as big as Reddit makes it out to seem? I understand the need to vaccination and support receiving all necessary immunizations but for the amount of attention it receives on Reddit it seems that it’s at epidemic proportions. What are the statistics on it? From what I read it seems to only affect some areas of Europe and pockets in the US. 
In 50 years will people see our memes and still laugh?
If you froze an egg and threw it through somebodys window while theyre not in, they would come home to a broken window and a raw unscathed egg and wonder how the hell it happened...
They still play random songs in malls and supermarkets.  They could get that feeling then.
Please dont watch me wipe  
Ive probably done this on reddit and the username is the same. I dont really pay attention to usernames. 
My brain still does this with 25 year old mixtapes....
The craziest prediction that the tv show The Jetsons made about life that far in the future was that a man could still support a middle class family of 4 by working in a factory.
Loved the special effects but the only line I remember is   >you gon get your legs back
Its a pretty busy bar, with all the priests, rabbis, and talking horses.
what do you mean used to, i have suede shoes and a leather jacket
Too many people are desperate to catch other people making a mistake or doing something wrong and its probably killing people off
We live in an age where if Amazon actually offered a free $50 gift card or Apple wanted to give a free iPhone 10 away, nobody would believe them.
“Bobby I didn’t think I’d ever need to tell you this, but I’d be a bad parent if I didn’t: soccer was invented by European ladies to keep them busy while their husbands did the cooking.”    “Why do you have to hate what you don’t understand?”   “I don’t hate you, Bobby.”    “I meant soccer.”    “Oh, oh yeah I hate soccer, yes.”
When I was 14, I thought I was so cool because I hung out with 20 year olds. Now that Ive grown up Ive realized that they were weirdos for hanging out with me.
Only reason I know my two fuzzies earned their keep was when a neighbor came by to ask if my house was broken into.  Apparently the thief grabbed a brick from my garden (which the neighbor was holding when he came over) and was going to smash a window when two large dogs changed his mind.  He broke into the next door house and who knows how many others.  Not sure if they caught the guy or not.  
The tallest person in the world has physically experienced being the exact height of every other person in the world at some point
In the anime, Ash Ketchum was supposed to be a huge Pokémon fan before he left on his journey. But every time he sees any kind of Pokémon, he has to pull out his Pokédex because he doesn’t know what it is. Ash Ketchum was a poser before he left on his journey.
Its like cookies, you make them, bake them, then chew then back up to cookie dough.
Annnnd this is how I was spending $170 on cigarettes a month.  Dont do it.  Edit:  Half a pack a day smoker at ~$10/pack
Wind chill vs heat index 
Its not actually giving you that many search results, just estimating how many there are. IIRC you cant go past result #1000 if you try.
So you think about steve jobs while showering?
the trick is to binge drink while binge watching, so that lets you 16 hours of sleep left
