88 is just 69 for chubby people.
There are more non virgins than virgins
Drive-throughs that won’t serve pedestrians are basically saying they have a strict dress code that requires you to wear a car.
In the Harry potter universe, couples could take polyjuice potion and swap bodies then have sex to see what its like from both perspectives.
The better you are at doing something the more eccentric you can dress while doing it.
The first time someone steals a spaceship and flies away is going to be epic.
It’s funny that we still refer to the Pyramids as one of the 7 wonders of the world when they’re the only ones left.
Since kinetic energy is converted into thermal energy, slapping an uncooked chicken hard enough for it to be cooked is possible.
Pooping without your phone makes it slower and faster
If you die on your back and it’s freezing out you could see your last breath.
The first person to hear a parrot talk was probably not okay for a few weeks.
Before the invention of the car all vehicles had automatic collision avoidance
When we do something gay, we can say “full hetero” instead of saying “no homo”
That 3% of people using Internet Explorer might just be devs cheking if their page works in it
There must be millions of people who still spell out B-E-A-UTIFUL in their head the same way Jim Carrey did in Bruce Almighty.
One of your photos may be the last one with a couple when they were together
An underrated perk of being an adult is you no longer outgrow your clothes.
Middle Earth, one of the most epic and expansive fantasy worlds, began with a literal hole in the ground.
A Milky Way is just a Snickers without the Nuts
For every girl who wonders if a guy is staring at her, there is a guy who accidentally makes eye contact and is now afraid that she thinks he was staring at her.
The first immortal creature will probably be a lab rat
Male pattern baldness is natures way of giving you a haircut.
Christmas feels more like a deadline than a holiday.
Unless you’re into paleontology, the time in your life when you know the most about dinosaurs usually ranges from 5 to 10 years old
Alone together is a pretty odd phraze when you think about it.
Sand is just fat dust
Its one of best feelings to wake up to pee in the night before Saturday, knowing you can go back to bed and to sleep long.
Ctrl + F, Ctrl + C, Ctrl + V, and Ctrl + Z have done more to improve humanity than most of us ever will.
The worst part about ‘being the bigger man’ is letting the other person think they are right.
In video games, you get annoyed when you cant jump, but when was the last time you jumped in real life
A windmill is a reverse fan. One takes wind and makes it power. The other takes power and makes wind.
At least one Jedi probably killed themselves because they were holding their lightsaber the wrong way around when they turned it on.
If mosquitoes sucked fat, not blood, the world would be perfect.
The person you’ve communicated with most is yourself, via your internal monologue
Ants are just nature’s nanite janitors. An infestation is just nature helping you clean.
The letter X has more uses in math than in the English language.
Opportunity (Oppy) has become the new Pluto.
Changing a perspective doesnt change a situation
People always ask Were you raised in a barn? When someone leaves a door open, but Ive lived on a farm my entire life and the first thing I learned was to close the door or the animals get out.
Training is a form of masturbation for saiyans.
Amputating Mike Wazowski’s legs would be exactly the same as beheading him.
There are twice as many nipples as there are humans.
Birthdays probably meant a lot more back when you werent sure if your kid would make it through the winter.
Everyone wants to be the leader, but being second in command is a pretty sweet gig. You have almost the same amount of power, and way less stress.
The more “primitive” the culture, the more compatible they are with long term survival of the human species
The news is not allowed to have a memory, history is not allowed to notice the present.
I have never once hit the space bar while watching a YouTube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page
Everyone is going to be very disappointed when famous people keep dying in 2017
The world record for most lasagnas on top of one another is 1.
Willy Wonka tells the kids Anything you want to, do it and then proceeds to get upset with the children throughout the rest of the movie for doing exactly that.
If I see Google in a show/movie I think nothing of it, but if I see Bing, I know its product placement.
In the tv series Supernatural nothing in that universe is supernatural since all the things they encounter are observable, quantifiable and exist as part of the natural structure of the world.
The oldest child will technically always have been loved the most by their parents.
In highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. In a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a luxury.
Kids who get the perfect attendance award are either really lucky to have avoided being sick most of the year, or really unlucky to have parents that made them go to school even when they felt like shit.
If reincarnation is real, then maybe flies and other bugs are purposely annoying because they want to get killed and get reincarnated as something better
People always say they wish they knew what their dogs were thinking. But if dogs could talk, they’d be the most annoying creatures on the planet.
Your dont realise how old you are until you find out most of currently leading pornstars are younger than you.
If you believe that you are suffering from hypochondria, but you are not, you may be suffering from hypochondria.
If one had to pay to visit someone at the hospital you would know the people in your life who truly care abou you.
The brain is the only organ that named itself by seeing another brain from another human.
The Dont text and drive signs on the highway are probably not seen often by their target demographic.
Your gross pay is like spinach before its cooked, and your net pay is the spinach after its cooked.
Given that tickling yourself does not work the same as someone else tickling you, we really lucked out with masturbation.
Im a middle-aged man and it just today dawned on me that, if I wanted to, I could buy a chainsaw.
2019 will probably be the last year that ends with teen for the rest of our lives.
You know youre getting old when the edgy music you used to play to piss your parents off is being played as background music at Walmart
Emo dissapeared because now everyone wants to die and it isnt special anymore.
Batman could probably figure out how to fly like Superman
Being a surgeon is like being a mechanic except you have to fix the car while the engine is running
One day, that “secret family recipe” will just be that recipe their ancestor looked up online years ago and everybody liked.
The antagonist in The Lion King died in fire; the antagonist in The Lion King II died in water.
We cook ourselves in the sun to look tasty to other people.
The worst feeling is when you catch up to a TV show and you have to wait a whole week for the next episode like a mortal
AOL who I have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom Ive given over 60 thousand dollars to deleted mine within a year of my graduation.
Surfing the web has become like watching TV back in the day, just flicking through a handful of websites looking for something new on.
It is easier to stay awake till 6 AM than to wake up at 6 AM.
Maybe Pink Floyd is really popular with dads because they can listen to it and pretend that all of the bullshit going on around them in the car (baby crying, kids yelling, old people talking about pudding) is just part of the song.
For thousands of years, technological advance was pretty much unnoticeable from one generation to the next. Before the 20th century, almost nobody even thought about where technology might be in 100 years, and the people who did had no idea just how much more advanced wed be
Before the smartphone or the navigation system became a thing only people who really knew the city could become Taxi drivers.
The older I get the less I hate the Kardashians, and the more I hate their fans.
Spiderman being disliked by his city even though he does good things is like a metaphor for spiders eating flies but still being hated by humans. Bonus: J. Jonah Jameson is always trashing Spiderman in his paper is like a metaphor for hitting a spider with a rolled up newspaper.
Sleeping is like time traveling
Im not sure if my antivirus software is effective, because no viruses are detected on my computer, or ineffective, because no viruses are detected on my computer.
A magical mirror that showed an oppositely gendered, equally attrative version of ones self could be very insightful
When a Dog sees a K-9 unit police dog, they might think, Oh shit the cops
Google could be lying about how many search results it gives, noones going to actually check that far.
Garbage bag commercials can stop proving the bag wont rip and start showing that the string wont break.
By always blaming Millenials, we are showing that our generation (which raised them) doesnt take responsibility for our problems.
Harry Potter could have been hallucinating everything due to carbon monoxide poisoning by being stuck in the cupboard under the stairs.
If we allowed people to adopt tigers as pets, wed probably save the tiger population while getting our own population under control at the same time.
We developed high tech cameras to take pictures, only to use filters thatll make them look like theyve been taken on a polaroid camera a billion years ago...
you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions
Send nudes, not nukes is the make love, not war of this century
Most orchestras are just 1800s cover bands.
If penis size was as obvious as breast size the world would be a very different place.
Google Earth, in all its detail, is an unprecedented accomplishment for mankind. No one even a hundred years ago (or less) would believe it could exist. But the fact that it is free, is a world wonder.
Making a typo in an online argument is the equivalent of voice cracking in a verbal argument.
We used to wear dead animal skins as clothing, now we use polyester which is made from dinosaurs
The ‘live action’ remake of The Lion King is probably having more time and money spent on the animation than the animated original.
Fog is the real life equivalent of a render distance restriction
If wookies have a 400 year life span, then Han Solo is basically like Chewbaccas third dog
Technically a broken-English speaker can be considered more knowledgeable than an average English speaker, since they know more than 1 language, but nobody seems to realise or respect that.
Kenya with the e and a switched is Kanye. Kanye is black.
A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend wont let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend wont let her go, people will likely get concerned.
If I appeared in front of my dog through teleportation, he would oversee the fact that I teleported and be happy that Im home
If and when colonization on Mars is successful, the path that Curiosity has taken will likely become a tourist destination like the freedom trail in Boston
People try to be responsible with money so that they can afford to be irresponsible with money
Your future self is watching you right now through memories.
A pizza is just a modern version of a trencher from medieval times.
Walking your hot tea over to the couch is a form of meditation in itself
Most cats are cleaner than most humans
Your Overthinking gets stuff right occasionally and youll never know
You can tell how strong Nazi propaganda was back in the 30- 40 just by looking at how many people still believe in it in 2019.
The creator of Photoshop couldve had a lot of fun if he did not tell anyone.
Reddit is like my fridge. After the fifth time opening it I know everything thats in there, but I keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of something new.
Condoms are made by automated assembly lines, meaning robots are literally helping to prevent human reproduction.
If we someday find intelligent life on a planet with a helium atmosphere, we’ll probably laugh at the way they talk.
Students who try hard in high school grow up wishing they had fun, but students who only had fun in high school grow up wishing they tried.
Our belly buttons are basically the same thing as holes the in fruit, where the stem goes.
The skeleton isnt inside you, youre the brain so youre inside the skeleton.
Egg + Mayo = Egg Salad, Potato + Mayo = Potato Salad, Chicken + Mayo = Chicken Salad, Math proves mayo magically turns any food into salad.
If EA suffers big enough losses from the backlash of Battlefront 2, and it all started because some guy couldnt unlock Vader, this will be the second time Anakin brought balance to something.
A pear is the Luigi to an apple.
April Fools Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
It is really fucking weird that we drink other animals milk and act like its normal, while drinking our own species milk is considered disgusting unless youre an infant
Cameramen who shot porn are the only people in the world who can excusably get an erection while doing their job
As toddlers, our parents would apologize to strangers because we embarrassed them. As teenagers, we apologize to strangers because our parents are embarrassing us.
Go to bed, youll feel better in the morning is the human version of have you tried turning it off and on again?
I have seen more of the surface of the Moon with my own eyes than I have of Earth.
If boys screamed at girl bands the way girls scream at boy bands it would be terrifying and hilarious
Dragons are just wizard dinosaurs
Under Armour eventually became over armour.
Valentines Day is just an excuse to be nice to everyone
How you feel when you get a text from your crush is the same happiness your mum feels when she gets a text from you.
Single Player games that don’t require internet are going to be extremely valuable during the apocalypse
Waluigi has probably gotten the most attention he ever has by not being in a game.
Alphabetical order is really just a random order that we all agree is in order
College students dont want to go to graduation ceremonies, but they go to please their relatives, while relatives dont want to go but go to support the students; we should all just be honest and skip that ceremony and go out for pizza.
Your belly button is just your old mouth.
Amish girls have no way of knowing if its a romantic candlelit dinner or just a regular dinner
Not having to set an alarm in the morning has to be one of the greatest adult luxuries.
People wouldnt stop a microwave with time left on the clock if there was a dont beep when finished option.
Contacts are the AirPods to glasses
Nothing makes you sweat like realizing you forgot to put on deodorant
The fact that a woman can look you in the face and give you an obviously fake number and walk off like its real is terrifying
In Bohemian Rhapsody a key point was that radio stations would never play a 6:00 song, because listeners wouldnt want to sit through it. Yet in the movie they never play the whole song, probably because they felt audiences wouldnt want to sit through it.
If you are alone when you crack open a peanut shell and eat the peanut inside, you are the only person in the world to have ever seen that peanut.
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows were here but theyve agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
Maybe dogs hate the mailman because they are the one person to come to the house almost every day but is never allowed by the owners to come inside. Somethings got to be WRONG with this guy, from the dogs perspective.
Many of us are past our half-life so to speak but will never know it until it has been way past.
In 10-15 years gamer dads will join the sports dads who couldve gone pro if it werent for.......
Forgiveness is the easy way out for nice people. Holding onto anger is way harder.
Depression is the most common mental illness, yet it somehow convinces everyone that they’re completely alone.
Bob Ross dying saved the nation from extremely amazing paintings of deforestation, habitat loss and the effect humans have had on the natural world. Maybe if he was still here he would have shocked the world into change.
Assuming that winds will bury NASAs Opportunity probe, its possible that archaeologists might one day dig up human artifacts on Mars.
Van Gogh spent his entire life making selfies with different filters.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease
If a vampire put a mirror in one side of a pair of glasses, they could see 360 degrees at one time.
Maybe the grass seems greener on the other side because you’re not over there fucking it up.
The laws that we are supposed to be fully aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them. One that takes 8 years to master.
The fact that swimming pools are required to have fire extinguishers is the ultimate example of how badly people can be expected to fuck up.
FedEx can get a can of corn from Nebraska to California faster than the human body can get it from one end to the other.
When you think about it, subways are just boring rollercoasters.
Narcissus would probably be thrilled to hear that he has a flower and a psychological condition named after him.
Now that Im a Dad I strongly suspect my own Dad wasnt as clumsy and bad at games as he appeared to be.
2016: The year all your favorite celebrities died 2017: The year all your favorite celebrities were dead to you.
The Jedi must go through a ton of robes because theyre always stripping them off before combat and just leaving them there.
Having sleep paralysis is like having you stop for a moment to wait for the world to load completely.
The first thing you get after obtaining a bachelors degree is a sudden lack of respect for people with bachelors degrees.
If humans were ever to prove the theory that our universe is a simulation, it would simultaneously become the moment when artificial intelligence becomes self-aware, ironically making humanity the artificial intelligence all along.
Soon games will advertise No DLC/Microtransactions just like food advertises No trans fats
Jokes about anti-vax children dying has become the socially acceptable dead baby jokes
If you are rich enough. Parking tickets are just how much it costs to park there.
For the first 8 minutes of your life the sunlight around you is older than you are
George Orwell predicted cameras watching us in our homes, but he didnt predict that we would buy and install them ourselves.
Bill Gates is like a video game character whos unlocked everything. All he can do now is self-imposed challenges like cure malaria to keep things interesting.
A robot is getting credit for a touching farewell message written by some nameless programmer whose identity we may never know.
At this rate, the winner of “Best Picture” will just be whatever movie had the fewest sex criminals associated with it.
You never actually look into someone’s eyes. You’re only capable of looking into one singular eye at a time.
You know who has more descendents than Genghis Khan. Genghis Khans dad.
I never questioned my ability to correctly identify images of everyday things until CAPTCHA started gaslighting the underlying definition of things like cars, grass, or street signs leaving me still wondering if the poles are considered part of the sign or not.
Technically, porn is just videos of people at work
Before, elderly people were almost universally accepted as the wisest of society, who people sought out regularly for advice and guidance. Now, elderly people are considered out of touch with reality, and is largely scrutinized for their views on life.
Google earth is one of the most incredible things ever created by man but is taken for granted as if it were nothing.
Baking bread basically involves creating a rich and warm environment for a species to thrive and then initiating a mass extinction event.
When you walk through a grocery store and they are playing good music. You have become their target demographic.
Being lonely is believing youve received a message when its just your battery at 15%
Its off-putting that ( ) ( ) isnt a palindrome, yet ( ) ) ( is.
Swans are loud, territorial, violent, aggressive, terrifying, and an emblem of romantic love.
It bothers me so much that there are so many songs I dont know about that I might like so much
Being pregnant is kind of like 3D printing humans
A tie is just a noose worn formally.
3G used to be the best thing going. Now, when my phones indicator says 3G, it pretty much functions like I have no signal at all.
The brain may have named itself, but it also recognized that it named itself and was surprised when it realized that.
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
Humans are entertained by watching humans pretending to be different humans.
Pre-school teachers are, by default, multi-lingual, understanding many different dialects of local language.
You spend most of your child and teen years being told how precious your youth is and not to waste it but also given very little power over how to spend your time.
One day there will be a grandpa named Brayden and a grandma named Kayleigh
People who say an automatic transmission is a millennial anti-theft device really underestimate the number of hipsters that are millenials
Most of the adult life feels like a game you were hyped about in childhood but when released you were disappointed because the trailer was better than the actual game.
Due to it almost only being populated by researchers, Antartica is technicaly the continent with the highest average IQ and education.
Whenever I see an inspiring story of someone who goes from 600 lbs to lean and fit, I mostly think Ok, I guess I can get to 600lbs and still recover, so Im ok for now.
Anyone can do anything, it’s just a matter of how well you can do it.
If (when skydiving) your parachute doesent open, you have the rest of your life to think about it.
You could write a popular show by releasing a cryptic, big budget, highly promoted teaser trailer and then lifting all the major plot points from fan theories on the Internet.
Pears are just fruit drumsticks.
Steaks and grapefruits must think theyre so cool. Theyre the only foods with their own dedicated utensils.
We never die, our matter only is recycled
Every plate of tacos is just a few punches away from becoming a plate of nachos.
Herpes infected people like to play it off as though the virus is no big deal while those without it are (rightly) terrified to get it.
Tickling prisoners for information during interrogations would be a lot less frowned upon than the standard torture methods
As an adult, being gifted a few pairs of socks isnt just being gifted a few pairs of socks, its being gifted with not having to go to the store to purchase a few pairs of socks in the near future.
Lips share an uncanny resemblance to butt holes
The people that claim to be more intelligent because of their race are usually the most stupid.
The fact that Romeo and Juliet’s love is so idealised shows how few people have read the play.
If Adam and Eve got into a fight, it would be a world war.
If you spill paint on your lawn, you can watch paint dry and grass grow at the same time.
If youve been blind and regain your sight when its dark, you wont realize youve regained your sight.
Claiming to have been hacked is this centurys version of the dog ate my homework.
if plants give us oxygen, then aren’t plants really the ones farming us, feeding us their food(oxygen) until we eventually die and are put into the ground, which they then consume.
Earth is a dinosaur planet, and humans are just mutants left over after the apocalypse.
If we lose one sock in the wash we get annoyed, but if we lost two socks we would never know.
Falling asleep is like trying to catch the sleep train. If you miss it, you will have to wait around, awake, until the next one departs.
Pets are the 1% of animals.
When you see a suspicious person, technically, you are the suspicious person
If you punch yourself and it hurts, are you too strong or too weak
From Snow Whites perspective the old peddler woman was totally legit. She gave her an apple and told her to make a wish. Next thing she knows, the Prince is there to take her away and she is surrounded by her friends rejoicing.
Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos
Car scenes in action movies will become a lot less impressive once automated car use becomes widespread
Its a good thing most windows in Gotham dont have metal rails, otherwise Batman wouldnt be half as dramatic
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Breath is just the body’s exhaust fumes
If you put a ton of cologne/perfume on yourself, you are just screaming to everyone that you stink.
Apparently, a lemon is not naturally occurring and is a hybrid developed by cross breeding a bitter orange and a citron. Life never gave us lemons; we invented them all by ourselves.
If everybody you meet is a friendly and nice person, its probably because you are
Disney will probably someday own more than the British Empire did.
We live in boxes made from tree bones held together by rock blood
Air freshener actually makes the air less fresh.
Edison is that one guy in class who says your joke a little bit louder and gets all of the laughs.
The world is made up of decomposed dead things.
Most dogs will not live long enough to legally drive.
When you read a book, youre essentially listening to an audio book narrated by yourself.
Trick shot videos should always begin by the performer drinking an entire beer to prove it isn’t their 468th attempt and chancing a win
In 160 years or less, the entire human population will consist of entirely different people from that of todays.
Tony Starks suit is revolutionary and can be used for space and deep sea exploration, but instead he keeps it on hold for when he needs to hang out with his friends.
A band-aid is just a synthetic scab
The clock repeats itself but time does not.
Multiplayer video games that require you to play with a friend are brutal reminders that you have no friends
A mirage in the desert is natures way of encouraging you to keep going.
Every time I find a new favorite song and eagerly check out the artist/band for more, it turns out thats the one song thats different from the whole rest of their career
Incognito mode may have never been invented if it werent for internet porn.
The first person to ever steal another persons work was original.
Replying k in morse -.-, has the same passive aggressive tone
Games that we say have beautiful graphics will have remastered versions that look even better in the future
My dog understand several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
Im convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources.
No matter how legitimately thrilled I am by a gift, I always feel like my thank yous dont sound genuine
A different version of you exists in the minds of everyone who knows you.
When dating, guys are pumped when the woman wants to pay half. In divorce, guys are really pissed they have to give half.
youve been part of series of events that led to someones death. someone probably you never knew
The average car in space is nicer than the average car on Earth
Thinking of a cool custom lisence plate is like having a physical gamertag
The first knock-knock joke was probably told at a real door
In some universe, you are probably the scariest creature to ever exist.
Goats have a reputation for being assholes, but when you consider how throughout history people have sacrificed them and used them in other ways ... well, maybe its deserved.
Morning wood and morning logs are very different things.
A ring is just the discarded crust of a circle.
If you slap Dwayne Johnson’s butt, you’ve officially hit Rock bottom.
Having a yawn interrupted is really unsatisfying
If car drivers were connected by voicechat if would probably be even way more toxic than voicechats in online games.
Im not really scared of dying, Im more bummed about all of the technology Ill never get to see.
People in movies almost never have to adjust the drivers seat in a newly purchased or stolen vehicle.
Musicians fading their songs instead of coming up with an actual ending is like writing an essay using progressively smaller fonts instead of coming up with a conclusion.
If everything we do that gives up dopamine was for the survival of our ancestors, then our hunter gatherer ancestors were constantly happy.
Doing something stupid while drunk or high is like an IRL misclick.
If you say who is the world health organisation, you are both asking and answering a question
C-3PO is fluent in over 6 million languages, but due to the design of his arms hell never be able to do sign language.
The world seemed like a much better place around the time PokémonGo came out, I miss that.
Watching movies on your phone is like observing another universe through a tiny window.
We instinctively open crisp\chip packets the right way around.
The hardest thing to believe about Batman is that not 1 distant relative tried claiming him in order to inherit the Wayne fortune.
People say, tattoos are for life. In reality they are likely to last even longer.
Your fingers are just small arms attached to your arm!
If I see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page I know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24 hours
Unvaccinated children are just organic humans with a shorter shelf life.
Your future self is an entirely different person, to whom you have a moral obligation to not harm with poor decisions
A dog nuzzling his way under your hand or arm is the equivalent of a human tapping you on the shoulder for your attention.
As humans were evolving, the first one to develop a sense of humor must have faced a REALLY tough crowd.
Commercial airline pilots are the bus drivers of the sky
420 is the smallest number evenly divisible by 2,3,4,5,6 and 7; but you cant easily divide it into 8ths.
Dipping raw grapes in peanut butter tastes like a PB&J (grape jelly).
Anti-vaccination is a sort of ‘artificial’ natural selection - potentially ending that family tree. It’ll be interesting (& possibly frightening) to see what other types of this natural selection evolve alongside technology.
The only thing worse than finding a spider in your house is losing a spider in your house.
No matter how many lasagna’s you stack on top of each other, ultimately it’s always just one lasagna.
An entire generation of children is going to grow-up with its reference point for the home telephone being a white plastic phone, with four red wheels and goggly eyes.
We use the plural when there is more than 1 of something, such as ‘10 miles.’ We use the singular when there is 1 of something, such as ‘1 mile.’ We go back to the plural when there is between 0-1 of something, such as ‘0.5 miles.’
Private tutoring is just brain prostitution.
If fossil fuels will eventually cause human extinction, but some birds survive, then dinosaurs will have evolutionarily outwitted us with the longest shot imaginable.
As a kid, 99.9% of the times I cried was due to physical pain. As an adult, 99.9% of the times I have cried was due to emotional pain.
You know youre really dying when you open your eyes and family you havent seen in decades is there taking pictures of you.
Swimming with dolphins in pools is basically dolphin trafficking
We have absolutely no evidence that dinosaurs did not speak in English.
If you threw a rock into a river, you might be the last person to touch that rock until the end of time.
The Nordic people went from being the most feared and hardcore raiders,to being the nicest and politest people in Europe
Shrek says “hold the phone” even though telecommunication does not seem apparent within the Shrek universe.
Ketchup is a tomato smoothie
Being smart is very expensive. On top of that it is inconvenient.
Trying to hold a conversation while high is a lot like trying to pick the right dialogue option in Fallout 4. You get a vague idea of what youre going to say, but sonething very different comes out.
When expressing admiration for an EDM song, all you have to say is “It goes hard when it drops.” You’ll gain instant acceptance as a connoisseur of all things EDM.
Millions of people independently piloting vehicles at 60mph will be viewed as insanity in the future.
In just a few years Google photoss discover the day feature will be a blunderyears photos generator
It’s socially acceptable to talk about how reliant and addicted you are to a drug as long as that drug is caffeine.
Somewhere in Hawaii, a man has gone to his bunker, lost cell reception, and will not to be seen again for a few decades.
The first dude that accidentally drew an optical illusion mustve thought he was going insane
“Life-size” ranges from microscopic to over 100 acres.
Drinking water with a minty mouth is the cold version of spicy
Typing Minimum on a keyboard is like playing a really crap game of ping pong.
If you sleep 8 hours a night you’ll spend 1/3 of your life sleeping. That’s such a big waste of time. If we were to successfully find a way to lucid dream 100% of the time we could be living 2 lives or learn to do new things at the very least. Just imagine how many dreams you actually remember. its
Tree have best life. They stay still, do nothing and die peacefully without giving any shit!
The Wizard of Oz was many peoples first exposure to a color film. Decades later, its many peoples first exposure to a black and white film.
The object of golf is to play the least amout of golf.
If we look back, Pornhub has been one of the most innovative video sharing websites. They have had permanent dark mode for years, they popularized the preview setting where you can watch the video without starting it, and still are one of the few to have like/dislike percentage on display
Grocery stores in California charge $0.10 for 1 paper bag to discourage waste, but they mail everyone in the neighborhood paper junk mail without anyone asking for free
75% of reddit going dark means this is probably my best chance of ever getting to the frontpage
If youre 24 years old, youve already been around for 10% of American history.
Victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart.
Its strange that there is a setting on your toaster to completely burn the bread.
As a Dad, I wish developers would make a game where player two helps you just by mashing random buttons
Male country singers talk about how good they are to women, while female country singers talk about how terrible the men are.
If you put your penis in a peanut butter jar you are fucking nuts
When you drop a Lego model, its not technically broken. Its just been returned to factory settings.
Part of language is to draw same sound signature in different ways.
They say with pessimism youll either be correct or pleasantly surprised, but that’s an awfully optimistic way to see pessimism.
People love essential oil diffusers because it’s the closest a muggle can get to potions class.
Life is very precious and can drastically change in an instant. Lets be thankful, and try to enjoy every moment we have.
Babies are basically parasites
Justin Biebers baby video getting almost 300k dislikes taken off in one day due to people wanting Rewind 2018 as the most disliked vid is the perfect example of how turning the hate onto another thing is the fastest way to clear hate.
The older I get, the more concerned I am that every new ache and pain is going to be permanent
The first person to have been asked a knock knock joke must have been really confused
The human body is 60% water and 33% of the water molecule is oxygen.
Security at every level of an airport is absolutely ridiculous. Until you get to the baggage claim. Then it’s just like take whatever bag you want.
In the eighties, calling someone on the phone and asking where they are was a ridiculous question. In 2018, it could be the most asked question when calling someone.
Using a dollar bill as a book mark is cheaper than buying a bookmark.
The Viagra commercial always says Make sure your heart is healthy enough for sex. Thats a really deep question if you think about it in more of a metaphorical way
For males, complimenting a friends mom is cute and respectul when you are kid. However, it becomes inappropriate when you get older. Then after the mom gets really old, it becomes respectul again.
You can have all 3 states of matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas) out from your ass.
Kids today will never know that unique smell of Blockbuster which was kinda like a mixture of candy and carpet.
bras are boob helmets
In Monopoly, you get arrested for gambling (rolling doubles three times), but you can gamble (roll another double) to get out.
If you eat fish remember humans evolved from fish. Fucking cannibals out here
“But will it last as long as Opportunity?” is a question engineers at NASA will get tired of answering.
Conspiracy Theorists will believe low quality footage of UFOs but not HD footage of a rocket landing.
What if over time the developers of Pokémon GO slowly reduce Pokémon spawn rates to zero, and the app turns out to be a publicity stunt to warn about the dangers of over hunting and extinction.
Google employees using gmail are often mistaken for conmen
The smell of someone vaping in public is a disturbing reminder of how often we breathe in the same air someone just exhaled
Tom and Jerry is one of the most distinct case of child v.s. adult perspective in which as a child you think Jerry is witty and correct but as an adult you see that Tom is being bullied by Jerry whilst attempting to live his life as a normal house cat.
Searching for a Google image of something and getting a Pinterest result is just basically saying Guess were not looking at that one today
Best thing about the Panama Papers scandal so far is that its name doesnt end in gate.
Growing a really nice beard is like getting really muscular. You do it to pick up girls, but 90% of the attention you get will be from other men.
All new laptops should have a small sliding cover in front of the webcam.
Adults who respond to baby gibberish using coherent sentences and phrases sounds a lot like a conversation between Han and Chewbacca.
Changing a baby’s diaper would be 1000 times worse if they had pubes and a hairy ass.
If you rip up a barcode, you are a serial killer.
Cheese is just a loaf of milk.
Q-Tipping your ears is like 1/2 of an orgasm.
When you think about it, Shakespeare WAS the result of billions of monkeys trying to write stuff randomly for millions of years.
300 years ago, if you had something that was made in China, everyone would be really impressed.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
Psychedelics users were doing VR before it was cool
In an infinite universe there has to be a planet on which the entire human history has already happened as well as one planet on which everything will happen again.
Coincidence is the word we use when we cant see the levers and the pulleys
Tea is just seasoned water.
The earth is a giant fishbowl
Being really thirsty when you also have to pee is like having a full tank, but your brain says your just gonna have to refuel anyway
In the past, a great amount of people lived their whole life without ever getting near ice.
Its time for someone to find out why we can not hit hard in dreams
The most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is that nobody asks him if they can try his glasses
Smart phone battery life is just fine, we just check the time and messages way too much.
If you have to purchase a VIP ticket for an event you probably aren’t an actual VIP.
Being a cleaner is seen a low paying job yet actually having a cleaner is seen as an expensive luxury
Watching a graduation ceremony is like sitting through a movie thats entirely end credits
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
You could be a clone with implanted memories and not know it.
There must have been a lot of people in the past named Rob who had stuff stolen from them since whenever someone steals from you, you say you’ve been “Robbed”.
There’s a point in your life where the word ‘vocabulary’ is added to your vocabulary
There are some things humanly possible that no human on earth has done.
Bobs Burgers would also be an appropriate title for SpongeBob SquarePants.
Everyone’s talking about Baby It’s Cold Outside being offensive when Santa Baby is basically about a girl whoring herself out to Santa for expensive gifts.
Sometimes brownie points are worth more than dollars.
Donkey Kong isn’t even a donkey.
The average person today has more luxuries than nobility and royalty had for the majority of human history.
When rappers get face tattoos, all they’re saying is that they’re successful enough to never have to try to get a normal job.
Hiter was an artist who gave up on his dreams
The fact that the death of a scientist is headline news worldwide is in some ways the most fitting tribute Stephen Hawking could possibly have.
Creating a new account because you lost your 2FA app and backup codes is like buying a new house because you lost your keys.
People pity pets owned by homeless folks more than they pity strays that have no one trying to look after them at all
The only people forced to see anti-piracy warnings are the people who dont pirate movies.
Nowadays it is almost rude to ask a question instead of Googling it first.
The first guy who heard a parrot speak probably wasn’t OK for a couple of days
There is no physical evidence to say that today is Wednesday, we all just have to trust that someone has kept count since the first one ever.
You can wear socks for 18 hrs, no problem. However, if you wear them for more than 30 mins and take them off, they are gross to put back on.
Peeing in your dream and actually wetting yourself is a dream come true.
Pre is the prefix of the word prefix.
Battlefield V Squad Reinforcements are just their version of COD Kill Streaks
New parents can tell their children that they were ordered from Amazon and delivered via drone.
If Centaurs were real, the bottom half would start walking around immediately after being born, while the top half would be all floppy for the first two years.
When you’re texting you’re not actually talking to a real person, you’re talking with the impression you have of them
Humans have probably found more ways to cure diseases in mice than in humans.
You only realize you grew up poor when you stopped going at all those fun places when you were under the free admission age.
Celsius is like, on a scale from 0 to 100, how cold is this water?
Much of Amazon.coms Prime Video collection feels as if it were assembled using only films they were able to pick up randomly at yard sales.
In the old days taping your password to your monitor was idiotic. Now its the only place online hackers cant get to it.
Women of my generation never say Im attractive, but my grandmothers friends are always saying what a handsome young man I am - leading me to believe I would have been good looking had I lived in the 1930s
The self-improvement/personal growth industry is a symptom not a cure.
Today is the five year anniversary of the end of the world.
Google is a verb
Baby teeth come with a one time warranty
Under Pressure by Queen is literally 50% Freddie vocalising
The older you get and the more professional experience you get under your belt, the more you realize that everyone is faking it, and everything is on the verge of falling apart.
Dying of old age is like dying of not dying
They say when pigs fly but What about when they float
A lot of people think PaulMcCartney was replaced by a look a like yet Michael Jackson literally turned white and no one questions his identity
One of humankind’s greatest achievements is the standardization of lefty loosey righty tighty
Since I got a cell phone, my knowledge of cereal ingredients has decreased dramatically.
If he were so inclined, Michael Jackson would’ve been well within his cultural right to be throwing around the N word.
Somewhere in Gotham City is a group of stoners wondering if Batman could also be Bruce Wayne
If clocks were countdowns, wasting time would be a lot scarier.
Instead of being sad about Valentines day, remember that the 15th is 50% off chocolate day
If you would mount garbage trucks with camera’s you could weekly update google maps street view.
Somebody who is immortal could be a jack of all trades, master of all
Before the internet, nerds and fanboys were getting bullied. After the internet, nerds and fanboys became the bullies.
Be yourself. Unless youre an asshole.
Putting stuff on the curb is a yard sale but everything is free
Ethics is the bane of progression
The original sherlock holmes novels and Sherlock take place over 100 years apart, and they didnt have to change Watsons backstory as a soldier injured while fighting in Afghanistan.
One day Rick Astley will die and no one will click on the headline.
Taking a multi vitamin after eating fast food makes the meal nutritious
Going out and getting drunk makes you think youre using a throwaway account only to realize when you wake up the next day that it was your main the whole time.
The worlds fattest parkour artist could also very well be the worlds best Super Mario cosplayer.
If the wizards in Harry Potter really wanted they could create a society with unlimited food, space and energy that could vastly improve Humanity as a whole, instead they just hide like assholes.
3d models are just digital action figures
Your thoughts are the only thing you can hear that don’t make any sound
People often forget that there was a time before glasses, which explains many historical myths and legends.
When you cannot sleep because you can’t stop thinking about something it’s like a single program not letting the computer shut down
Boneless chicken wings are chicken nuggets for adults
Being a pet owner is like being a sugar daddy. You waste all of your money on keeping them happy, and the only thing they do is look cute and give you attention sometimes.
If you see someone wearing a $20,000 watch its hard to know if theyre really good with money or really bad with money.
A surprisingly big part of being an adult is trying to schedule a time when you can afford to have a mental breakdown.
Sparta was the North Korea of ancient Greece during the Peloponnesian war
People who make advertisements for girls toys dont seem to have any idea how girls play with them. Barbies dont have nice civilised tea parties and talk about boys, its more like Game of Thrones except everyone is a lesbian
We’ve woken up almost daily for 8000+ days in our life and STILL haven’t gotten used to it
If you donate blood, you’ll always be someone else’s type.
The process of eating fun dip is really sexual
We tend to romanticize the poor who are geographically far away from us and demonize the poor who are nearby.
Whenever you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger
Babies literally suck the energy from their moms to become more powerful
Some women want their outfit to be noticed. As a male, I would prefer nobody noticing it so I can still wear it the next day.
People are going to pay so much for a, Made on Mars label.
When you remember how old you now are is like those days where you think “Wow, it’s X o’clock already”
Star-Lord from the Guardians of the Galaxy movies probably still thinks Santa is real. He was taken from Earth as a kid and then raised in space around aliens and crazy creatures the rest of his life. He probably assumes Santa is an alien.
Im not scared of a computer passing the turing test... Im terrified of one that intentionally fails it.
The only part of your reflection you can lick is your tongue.
You can rearrange 100 to a percent symbol (%) by moving the number around
No alien civilization has figured out how to delete the universe.
For a non-native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the highest understanding of language. As a native speaker, making a pun demonstrates the lowest understanding of comedy.
Within every bearded man is a man with just a weird mustache
Its surprising there arent any conspiracy theories that the ocean is bottomless because most people have never been to the seafloor.
Old trailers did not do the movies justice. New movies do not do the trailers justice.
Its really creepy that we turn living, breathing animals into nuggets, patties, links, and pastes.
Giftcards are just money that expires.
Fire isnt even an actual thing. Its just hot gasses.
We make fun of NPCs in stealth games for seeing something suspicious and then forgetting about it,but we do the exact same thing in real life just after a longer period of time.
Age gets less specific as you get older. 5 days. 3 weeks. 18 months. 5 and a half. 18 years old. In your 20s, 30s. Middle aged. Old.
No matter how much you slept, waking up 5 minutes before your alarm makes you feel cheated out of a whole nights rest
I hate to spend $6.50 on six pieces of raw chicken, but dont hesitate to spend $5 on one chicken sandwich.
Ninjas wear masks to disguise their identities, but ninja turtles wear masks so we can determine their identities.
Cell phones have greatly reduced bathroom graffiti
If you won the award of the first man to break two world records, that would make it 3 awards, and you win the award of first man to break 3 records, now you have infinite awards
A Gas Giant is just a Cold Star.
A zombie apocalypse would be great for necrophiliacs.
Divorces would be a lot more awkward if the groom had to formally return the bride to the brides father
If you go through life assuming everyone is an idiot, you might be pleasantly surprised! ....But usually, you’re just right.
Saying uh huh in phone conversations with my mom is like mashing the button to speed up NPC conversations in video games.
Tint=When you add white;Shade=When you add black
Smart phones are probably responsible for reducing graffiti in public toilets
No matter what kind of calculator I am using, I am going to hit clear multiple times.
Being hungry and being thirsty is your body telling you that youre going to die
If you have problems remaking movies, you can at least buy rights to adapt or remake their rip-offs.
Humans are the only thing that can be natural and man-made at the same time.
If we were to continue from where we last left on in previous dreams when having new ones, there would be no way to differentiate dreams from reality.
The Kardashian family is made up of a man who transformed into a woman (Tiresius), sisters who so ravenously crave attention theyll do anything to get it (Harpys), and a mother slowly turning to stone due to plastic surgery (Niobe). The Kardashians are Greek myths come to life for the 21st century.
Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you cant cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.
The tabs on google resemble file dividers.
Treehouses are morbid because we’re basically forcing them to carry their dead
One of the greatest dangers nowadays is to fall deadly in love with one of those AI generated faces.
If millenials arent getting married, eventually they will be blamed for destroying the divorce lawyer market
So whos driving? is going to be the dad joke of the decade when self-driving cars are more of a thing
It’s weird to think that nighttime is the natural state of the universe, and that daytime is only caused by a nearby, radiating ball of flame
A contortionist would be really good advantaged at hide and seek.
The internet both almost killed off the postal service with email and then made it more needed than ever with online delivery
Using transition lenses technology for vehicles would be great for those that want tinted windows. Also for those that want to be able to turn safely at night
Throughout history, we as a society have probably lost really important knowledge and shit because other shit was cooler at the time
You know youre old when you fall down and no one laughs
It would be weird if a human yelled out Anyone wanna fuck? but birds do it all day and nobody cares.
Somebody invented the knock-knock joke, requiring scripted participation, and the rest of the planet just decided to roll with it. Its kinda amazing.
If people grew vegetables like they do marijuana we would have the healthiest, tastiest vegetables ever.
Here in a couple of years, another more annoying game than Fortnight is gonna come out and they will finally understand how us Minecrafters felt.
Dogs are humans best friends. Nobody gave any credit to horses, yet now horses live in freedom or a luxurious life, are so expensive while most of the dogs live in street.
Waking up from sleep and falling right back into sleep is like hitting the snooze button on your brain.
Darth Vader grew up saying Yippee! when he was excited
We think we matter because were thinking matter.
What Elon Musk did validated every kid who has strapped a hot wheels car to a toy rocket
If you dont drink alcohol because you have recovered from alcoholism youre admired, but if you dont drink and never have, youre weird.
Saying uh or um is the human version of buffering
Video games music artists deserve more than they get.
If youve ever donated blood, theres a chance it ended up in someone elses erection.
If someone offered to pay for my food and rent for the next 18 years, Id do anything they ask of me. But I complained every time I took the trash out while living at my parents house.
Who ever started the tradition of the groom not being allowed to be present while the bride shops for the wedding dress should be awarded a nobel peace prize.
Dating is just hanging out with someone until you figure out whats wrong with them.
A shark eating a human thinking it’s a seal is the equivalent of a human eating a raisin cookie thinking it was chocolate chip
We are all Hitlers for Ants
In western cartoons the main character is in love with the prettiest girl in school and she will never like him. In anime the prettiest girl in school is in love with the main character and the main character is too dumb to notice.
If I were approached by a person 4 feet taller and 10 times stronger than me, Id be very uncomfortable. But toddlers are totally cool with it.
The more dismembered the animal in your freezer is, the more socially acceptable it gets
Since the genie makes real world references in the original Aladdin movie, it would be entirely possible for will smith to say he would wish for fortnite and Marques brownlee
5 is like an honorary even number.
NPCs in video games telling you to enjoy the scenery are really just the developers telling you to appreciate their game.
Nintendo Miis were the first Bitmojis.
Imagine how rich you would have had to be 200 years ago to have music playing in the background while you cook dinner
With each decade, History classes become slightly harder
The brain is the most important organ of your body according to the brain.
Everybody want to live long but nobody want to get old.
The same moon that we look at is the same the moon that stone age people looked at with wonder!
College is just like those stupid e-textbooks. You’re required to go to college in order to get most internships in order to get real world experience
Wondering if humanoid robots have gotten to the point to where they can dance The Robot, like humans use to do on Soul Train, in the 70s...
A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film Predator
The last one of anything is always the most precious
When you sleep an hour less in average than someone else of the same age. You are notably older in terms of life experience. At the age of 25, it is more than a year.
In my life Ive purchased at least 50 cans of WD40, right now I can locate two, Ive never thrown one away, and I have no idea where the rest went
The true moral of the story for The Tortoise and the Hare is more about not being overconfident and taking things for granted, counting your chickens before they’ve hatched, or belittling your opponents, and less about ‘slow and steady wins the race.’
400 years ago, owning a nice sword was a status symbol. Today, owning a sword is a good indication that you still live in your parents basement.
Prison guards are just adult baby sitters.
Sleeping on a commute is the real-life equivalent of fast travel.
Today’s society is in a very “majority rules” mentality these days
Even though I have never done it in my life, I am fully confident in my ability to count to 1,000.
unicorns are technically just horses with a deformed tooth
If the thumb is not a finger, then there is no middle finger
Agreeing to terms and conditions went from: this is our stuff, don’t copy and sell it to this is your stuff, we’ll copy and sell it”
Seeing a UPS truck as an adult is the childhood equivalent of seeing an ice cream truck
The Space Oddity music video by Chris Hadfield is technically the first ever extraterrestrial music.
A gold fishs job is to introduce kids to dying
If I was kidnapped and had my mouth duct taped, I would most likely die because my nose is clogged 90% of the time.
There’s a person out there who hates Bob Ross and Mister Rogers because liking them is popular.
Airports should have small movie theaters for layovers. They would make a killing.
Im lucky enough to live in a country where if I hear an air raid siren I expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune.
If we ever find a way to live without sleeping, we’ve basically just doubled our life span.
The Security Guards Of A Samsung Store Are The Guardians Of The Galaxy.
In these forums we’re just a bunch of souls talking to each other. Because our bodies are elsewhere.
If youve donated blood, platelets, or plasma there is a chance that part of you has been around the world.
Surgery is stabbing someone to life.
11 babies have been born in Antarctica, and none of them died as infants, meaning Antarctica has the lowest infant mortality rate at 0%
There could have been a moment in history were every single human blinked at the same time, but no one noticed as no one saw it.
Sometime in the future, your relatives might start to pass down passwords instead of normal things you pass down.
Minecraft characters just look like censored versions of actual humans or minsters
Drinking water from the kitchen tap seems better than drinking water from any other tap in the house, even though they are the same.
Oral sex must have been a lot less popular before bathing daily became a thing
We always switch to manual breathing when we think or hear about it.
In 100 years you will be a skeleton.
Volcanoes are the Earths acnes.
Foxes are what happens when you run cat software on a dog
Despite all thats going on in the world and in life, I will never be as angry as I am as when my headphone cable snags on something and rips the bud out of my ear.
We always say stupid autocorrect but never give it positive feedback for the 97% of the work it does.
The syllables in “on your mark, get set, go” are a countdown
Oil is Earth’s amazing mechanism to deal with pollution. Humans have perfected ways to transform it back into garbage.
Earth being a planet perfect* for life, there is just as much trying to kill us as keeping us alive.
This water feels TOO good
Honey is totally underrated. Its the only natural food thats made without destroying any kind of life. Its also the only food that wont rot.
Teachers will be quick to say that a classroom isn’t a place to sleep, but by that logic a house isn’t a place to study.
In most groups of friends, one of them will eventually go to all the other friends funerals, and one of them wont go to anyones funeral
Spicy food is like BDSM for your mouth
Sports are basically just a way for humans to go to war without killing each other
Witch hunting wouldnt have been so popular in medieval times if any of the victims were actual witches and had decided to fight back
Growth as a child is about learning. Growth as an adult is about unlearning.
Socks are basically foot underwear
The most addictive drug in today’s society is people wanting clout on the internet.
Poorly written TV shows are actually more true to life than the well written ones. The characters and their motivations usually make no sense, the plot is convoluted and drags on, its often pointless and meandering, and the ending usually sucks.
Many years ago, the first person to see a parrot had to convince all of his friends that a bird had talked to him, and they probably didnt believe him.
Scabs are just the skin literally repairing itself. Like a natural bandaid.
Its common for babies to fall asleep and wake up in different locations all the time, but as an adult the idea of that happening is terrifying.
South Carolina shapes like a piece of Doritos chip
The sinking of the titanic must have been a miracle for the lobsters in the kitchen.
If our world was a simulation, then the progammers wouldve freaked out when The Matrix movie was released
Being a blacksmith must have been a real pantydropper back in the day seeing how Smith is the most common surname today.
The moment you say you are humble you no longer are
Beds are charging stations for humans
The first person that was deaf probably thought people open their mouths to breath like fish.
When people think about travelling to the past, they worry about accidentally changing the present, but no one in the present really thinks they can radically change the future
Cats acquired such a fond taste for fish, yet they’re afraid of water.
As a male, I peed once through the crack between the lid and base when sitting down and now I have a constant fear of doing it again.
If women were the ones with the ballsack, there would be so many bogus scrotal beautification products like special braces and wraps to keep it tight and smooth as you age.
Shout-out to all the dogs whove chased off burglars without their owners ever knowing.
Everyone seems to understand that you can’t believe everything that you read on the internet, yet most of us believe everything that they themselves read on the internet.
Damn this water is hot
70% of the earth is covered in water but in movies spaceships always crash on land
Axes are tree cyborgs created by humans to destroy other trees
Today, millions of children will ring the door bells of countless real life murderers, rapists and drug dealers.
Telling someone they have anger issues makes them angry.
Police are like the referees of real life.
Air Conditioning is just domesticated wind
T̨͡y̶̴̸̡p̸̷̨̀͘i̛͜ǹ̶̕g҉̕͢ ̶̧̀l̀͡į̵̴̴k̢̨̧ę̡͜ ̧̧͘t̸̕͝҉h̵́i̕̕s҉̵ ̡̢d̡̛̀͜͡o̕͢͏e̴̡̡̡s҉͠n̡̨̛͟’͘͝t̶̴̴̡͘ ̷̶̡m̴̷̶̧ą̶҉̡ķ̨̕͟͝e͡͞ ̷́͜s̷͘͡͡o̸̷m͏̵͜͜͢é̶̡̨t̷̷͘͠͏h͠͝ì̛̛́͡n̴҉̧g̷̢̛̛͠ ̶̡́͢͟s͡͡҉́͏c͝a̢͡͠r̨͠y͘͢͢͞,̶҉ ͢҉̢̨͢j̵̢̀͝͞ư̛͟͟s̴̶͢t̵̨́̀͏ ̴̧̡̡h̴̵ą̡̧̧̛r̷̸̢̕͢ḑ͟͢ ͏̵͟t̷̶͜͟͞o̢҉҉̢ ̕͜ŕe͟͜͡a҉̸̡͠d̢̕̕͜͞
You dont realize how loud normal everyday activities are until you try doing them at 3am in a sleeping household.
You might be single but you’ll never be double
Most vegans never stepped foot in a farm, their whole concept of animal cruelty was taken out of cherry picked videos and biased docummentaries.
Autocorrect never misspells itself.
One of the biggest scams in life was your mom saying she wont get angry if you say the truth
Rulers were probably made using another ruler
If we treated moments of conception as the start of someones life, a lot of peoples birthdays would be on Valentines Day.
Assuming that winds will bury NASAs Oppurtunity probe, its possible that one day alien archaeologists might one day dig up human artifacts on Mars
Hash browns are just breakfast time French Fries.
With Jeff Bezos having $116.8 billion and the average person having 100 billion brain cells, Jeff Bezos literally has more money than sense.
I always hit later when asked to rate an app because Im afraid hitting never would backfire against me.
Most of the trash on the streets is from junk food because people that dont care about their own health arent going to care about the health of the planet.
Running from the cops is the ultimate double or nothing.
When you sit on the toilet you connect your butthole up to the large network of connected buttholes
The younger generations today wont be familiar with that euphoric feeling of hearing your favorite song suddenly play on the radio.
If you go to jail for tax evasion, youre living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes.
Cutting corners and short cuts is common practice when you mow lawns for a living.
Normal dogs probably see police dogs and think “Oh shit it’s the cops”
Using sex to sell things is more of an advertisement for sex than anything
Mirrors are portals to another dimension, but your alternate version doesnt let you enter them by imitating your moves, touching you if you try to touch the mirror. Knowing this, if you kiss the mirror, youre actually kissing yourself from a different dimension.
Because medical experiments are usually performed on mice first, mouse medicine will always be more advanced than human medicine.
Zombies would just decay and become not much of a threat after a month or two
We are living in the last few years where we can trust a video or audio recording
Maybe cats purposely break stuff off of shelves so that when the owner buys a replacement, they can play in the boxes.
Ouija boards would be much scarier if they weren’t made by Hasbro and instead were the only product of an obscure, 300 year old company located in a remote village in eastern Europe
Nothing in this world truly matters. Everything we have done and will do, will end up just being forgotten and ultimately lost to the endlessness of time and space
The reason dogs are good bois is that we gradually killed off all the bad bois in the selection process
Referring to yourself as an otaku in public makes people see you as more of a weeb than before you claimed to be an otaku
When pregnant women swallow semen, the contents of that semen become a part of the child’s nutritional intake. Think about that...
A world where cops employ chimps/gorillas instead of k9s would be fucking terrifying.
In 20 years or so, Im going to have to jailbreak my car to drive above the speed limit
The titanic movie is like someone making a romance movie about 9/11 in a hundred years
We joke that birdsong is just a pretty way of birds shouting at each other for sex, but really thats all most of our pop music is anyway.
Salt is just angry sugar.
The egg came before the chicken. Because through evolution there must have been the definitive first chicken hatching out of an egg from a non-chicken.
You’ve probably once had a dream so vivid that you think it is a memory even though it never really happened.
Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond are also the three things that make a waffle.
It would be a lot more terrorizing blowing bubbles if they popped like balloons
Restaurants that serve soft butter for your bread, vs that rock hard butter, go way under appreciated.
Bar crawls are trick or treating for drunk people
The lion king is just a movie about cats fighting for the higher ground
You know youre getting older when you transition from not having enough money to buy games to not having enough time to play all the games you bought
Depressed or anxious characters in movies are critically appreciated, but people with these conditions are often shunned or ignored in real life and told to snap outta it by many.
Humans are programmable robots
Life would be more satisfying if we were born elderly and got younger over time.
Spoons are just really small bowls.
One of the worst feelings is the feeling of your sleeves sliding down you wrists as you wash your hands
It sucks if youre smart enough to realize youre not as smart as you want to be.
Technically the day you are born is your 1st birthday
College Students are simultaneously stereotyped for not getting enough sleep and for sleeping all the time.
The most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is that they eventually use all the skills they learn at school
No one is really afraid of the dark. Theyre afraid of their own mind. Because when its dark, all youre left with is your thoughts and imagination.
We were taught Slow and steady wins the race, but also taught The early bird gets the worm.
Dragons are just dinosaur wizards
The unspoken rule for using a phone’s calculator is to hit the clear button 3-5 times before starting a new equation.
The men in your house have spent hours upon hours looking at the wall behind your toilet, while the women have probably never paid it attention.
The B-52s are a successful band whose sound would not be marketable/popular in todays music industry.
As a graphic designer, my entire career exists because I was able to pirate Photoshop 10 years ago.
Trees see us climbing them more like an ant on their body for a second
Humans are apparently good at explaining events that have happened and tracing why, but are pretty poor when it comes to predicting the future even with historys knowledge
I wish I had a Voodoo doll of myself so I could give it a back rub.
There is no hot water and it’s cold in here
In Monsters Inc. the most respected people in society are factory workers.
Dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths.
Deciding to become a parent is like choosing to take care of a a drunk person for 13 years straight, and a hungover person for the next 5. Then paying for their rehab for the next 4.
When I accidentally type my password into the username box, I always feel like someone is watching me and saying Finally got him.
Every French person is already successful according to Britney Spearss standards (Party in France? You better work b*tch)
Our parents warned us for years about the dangers of the internet while knowing nothing about it, then finally dove in and fell for every. Single. One.
You dont own the atoms in your body. Its just your turn to use them.
Virtually all of the “tough guys” you see on TV and movies were theater majors in college.
Life before portable music must have been boring
You cant judge a book by its cover, but you can judge a YouTuber by their video thumbnails
If everything except nature is made of humans. Example: time, daily routine, expectations, material goals(own house, car), society; laws, knowledge, etc. Then we have much more impact to construct our life than we think.
Holding your breath for seconds can stop hiccups for once and hold it longer can stop it forever
Finding a quarter on the ground is much more exciting if your at an arcade.
Sheet music is just a written language for instruments..
Next time a conspiracy theorist tries to tell you what really happened, present a more outlandish theory and accuse them of covering up the truth.
the ee in pee is silent
Dating is explaining yourself until the other person starts to be interested in you.
The worlds most scary thing is being home alone during winter and sitting on a warm toilet seat on a really cold day.
In the future it’s gonna be considered super weird that we in the present all carried keys around with us.
The nipples are the boobs of the boobs
The best Spotify ad would be silent with a picture so when it came on you would check why your music stopped and see the ad
People who say not to talk to them before their morning coffee are basically saying that theyre unpleasant to be around when theyre not under the influence of drugs
Your brain has a default font style when we are thinking about a word or number
If you dream about peeing and woke up with pee on your bed, it’s dream come true
Its not fair that coffee stains your teeth brown, but milk doesnt stain them white.
Porn is now essentially a hegemony with legit and safe websites while recipes and artsy craftsy content is full of crazy pop-up traps and high-volume auto-playing ads.
Maybe there are stealth vegans who dont feel the need to tell everyone.
Panties lost their sexiness to me when I did the laundry and could no longer tell if they were my wifes or my daughters.
Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond are also the three things that make a waffle.
Dr. Strange is a movie about the importance of saving before a final boss.
Disappointment is life’s manifestation of Hunt’s ketchup.
Its amazing how people will spend an extra five minutes circling or waiting for a parking space in order to avoid an extra 30 seconds of walking.
People who are life long registered organ donors should get priority on organ transplant lists. There would be a lot more donors if that were the case.
If we allowed people to adopt tigers as pets, wed probably save the tiger population while getting our own population under control at the same time.
Owning pets is like having a personal squad of adoring groupies following you everywhere twenty four seven.
That feeling when you’re not able to squeeze your hand into a strong fist in the morning is kind of what your arms feel like while punching in a dream.
Even though they‘re never depicted like that, dinosaurs had penises too.
Crepes are just French quesadillas
DO NOT TOUCH would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
The fact that I cant recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what hes doing.
Randomly Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
Its weird how our muscles contract so silently.
If a ginger works at a bakery isn’t he a gingerbread man
In the southern hemisphere summer is literally shorter than winter
My 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times Ive chosen sleep over sex.
Inhalers are just special vapes
People are afraid of being alone in the dark because they fear they’re not alone
About 1 out of every 100 people are psychopaths, so chances are you know one personally
When ever someone says, Spend your money on experiences, not things., theyre making a strong case for recreational drug use.
People will usually say thats [insert verb] as hell/fuck when the sentence doesnt really make sense
Over the past year Ive taken so many before pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, I basically just have a slideshow of me getting fatter.
If humans eventually life on both earth and mars there would be 2 google earth apps: Google Earth and Google mars6
Your car keys have travelled further than your car.
If Bob Ross actually turned out to be a prolific serial killer, each painting would be a place where he disposed of a body.
There should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. Not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place to learn, foster ideas and meet others who are doing the same.
A vampire hunter is an ideal job for a vampire who wants to live among humans. People will think that bloodless bodies that you left behind are handiwork of a vampire whom youre currently hunting down.
Its almost impossible to tell the story of Chris Brown without having a punch line
IKEA would make a ton of money if they started selling tiny furnitures for children’s toys.
If Google Maps just said every trip is 10% longer than it is people would be on time to things so much more frequently
Any dog you see in a movie that was released before 2009 is probably dead
When a couple breaks up these days there’s a good chance they’ll find each other on tinder around the same time
There is literally no reason that the week has to start on Sunday and the weekends/weekdays have to be when they are
Even if I agree with your bumper sticker 100%, I still think less of you for having a bumper sticker.
A gay man doing donuts in a car are technically fruit loops
In the wizarding world, rappers would be the hardest to battle. Imagine how fast they could cast multiple spells.
All the adult vikings in How to Train Your Dragon have Scottish accents, the teenagers have Midwestern accents, and the movie takes place in Scandinavia. Gobber is the only one with a proper accent.
If we can’t see air, maybe fish can’t see water.
If nightmares are dreams, then exes still make our dreams come true.
C-3PO is an ageless immortal, who passes his time learning languages and uses simpleton charm to cope with the fact that he’s watched 3 generations wreak havoc throughout the galaxy.
Porn sites should have bright backgrounds while the video is buffering so I dont have to see my reflection
You can wear a stormtrooper outfit without anybody suspecting youre up to no good
Owning a cat is like owning a cactus. They lie motionless in the sun most of the time, dont care too much for your attention, hurt like hell if you touch them wrong, and no one wants to hear your stories about them on a first date.
If you dont look back on your past self and cringe, then you didnt grow as a person.
When two people kiss they make a long tube, starting at one butthole and ending at other butthole.
Mens underwears most underrated ability is to stop those last dribbles from showing on your pants
An easy way to see if your date is an asshole is to ask them to go to a stand up show. If they say no because the comedian made fun of them theyre dick head dinos.
We all live in the past. The past of tomorrow that is
If someone’s been deaf all their life, what language will they think in.
Reading how to play a pen and paper role playing game is the equivalent to installing an rpg on your computer /consol.
Whenever you buy and eat half a chicken, you are secretly sharing a meal with a stranger.
Do you realize that if aliens come to Earth, we will have to explain why we made movies in which we fight and kill them
Watching people come through the arrivals gate at an airport is like watching a random person generator.
If organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public relations move.
When youre sick, the advice you get is to literally do drugs and stay out of school.
Hospital gift shops would be so weird if they were themed the same way as other gift shops
Humans are most physically vulnerable when naked yet nothing is more physically threatening than a naked person running at you.
Choking on a cough drop then coughing it up has to be the most ironic thing
If you are looking at 6 foot tall person youre basically watching how deep in soil youll be after you are deceased
Every year on the calendar we pass our future death anniversary.
Hospital food probably tastes so bad because it doesn’t have absurd amounts of butter and salt.
Having kids is like having little broke bestfriends that think youre rich
The best part of a cucumber tastes like the worst part of a watermelon.
Knowing you have the next day off is more relieving than the actual day off
Unless they tell you themselves, you will never know who the greatest thief is.
sleeping is just four-dimensional fast travel
Due to bacterial evolution with respect to our bodys defense mechanisms, travelling to the future would most likely kill you and travelling back in time would kill anyone you came in contact with
People with anxiety are basically way too aware of being alive
Its always easy to fall asleep on a couch unless youre actually trying to fall asleep on a couch.
your moms are gay makes more sense than you mom is gay
Front and Center are actually terrible seats causing neck strain.
Teachers putting tests the day before a school break are like students handing in their assignments at the last minute
Knowledge is knowing that you can carry all of the groceries in at once. Wisdom is making multiple trips so that by the time you are done, other family members have put away most of the groceries.
In the “People you may know” tab sometimes pops up people you wish you won’t know ever again.
The older you get the more tedious and annoying video game tutorials are...
Whether youre a woman or a straight man, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day.
Honking back at someone who blows their horn at you for your driving is the “no u” of the vehicle world.
Pulling “ The girl card” is basically gaslighting someone.
Pandas are white,black and asian at the same time.
Bill Nye is doing shitty detergent commercials, but I guarantee he could do a Kickstarter titled Give me money so I dont have to do shitty detergent commercials and get at least a million bucks.
Ghosts arent trying to scare you, theyre just very displeased with the fact that they died, thus why they constantly shout, Boo!
People never grow up. We just act like an adult so people will give us money.
Ash calling pikachu ‘pikachu’ is the equivalent of somebody naming their dog ‘dog’.
When someone in your neighborhood is having a BBQ, it must be the same feeling when sharks smell blood in the water.
At a certain point in your life, sitting at home alone, watching TV on a Friday night goes from being super depressing to the most enjoyable part of your week.
Passing out is essentially an emergency nap
The movie Snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters.
Ill bet the guy who invented the snooze button never invented anything else.
Youve never known the smell of anything without it being mixed in with the smell of the inside of your own nose.
Who am I kidding? If I had super powers, Id probably squander them just like I did my real-life potential.
Letting your kid push the cart teaches him defensive driving at a young age
The person who first spotted superman up in the sky was inexplicably excited to see a bird.
As a dwarf/little person, Im very grateful that I am neither ginger nor Irish on this day
“Violence doesn’t solve anything.” Is factually and practically incorrect.
They say that in the womb, everyone starts out looking female. By looking at old people, it seems like every ends up looking male.
A problem shared is a problem halved but an experience shared is an experience doubled
Chris Hemsworth is best known for playing a character who throws weapons that come back to him. Chris Hemsworth is Australian.
Watching a graduation ceremony is like sitting through a movie thats entirely end credits
If immortality becomes a thing... Im going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney.
Recycling shopping waste feels like wiping those brands companies asses
Pirates have always seemed good about employing people with physical disabilities.
When we say pee we might not be pronouncing the double E.
Im not fully committed to the video until I turn my phone sideways.
The most prolific murderers in history are the ones we’ll never hear about.
You have never lived in a yesterday or a tomorrow, it’s all today
Binge watching a TV show is more socially acceptable than playing video games for the same amount of time.
Millennials is a way for old people today to say kids these days without sounding like their cringy, grumpy old people from the past who kept saying kids these days
They put music from the 50s and 60s in medicine commercials to appeal to the older generation... meaning sometime in the future, Despacito will be playing on a commercial for laxatives.
I just had a fajita wrap from Tim Hortons in New Jersey. Thats Mexican food from a Canadian restaurant in the United States. I just ate North America.
“It can’t get any better” can be used negatively just as well as it can be positively
Some poor soul who isn’t a celebrity yet, just tweeted something that will be considered highly offensive in the future. That tweet will end up ruining their career.
Parents begging for grandchildren have the same mentality as a child begging for a puppy: they get all of the cute with none of the work.
There are some people out there that will vaccinate their pets, but refuse to vaccinate their children.
All living Russian roulette players are undefeated
Kanye West probably thinks he is a genius because he spends most his time with the Kardashians.
The first time a stripper jumped out of a cake must have been the most legendary bachelor party.
People who say pets are like kids, dont have kids
Mark Zuckerberg used to be a hero of the digital age, but now he has lived long enough to see himself become the villain.
The next big counterculture movement will probably be kids who reject all forms of social media
What would it feel like to have all of your teeth flossed at once
Just a thought. I see a lot of older people post that we survived lead paint, no seatbelts, no helmets etc. You do understand there are people who didnt right? Thats probably why they cant post it on FB.
A smart refrigerator isnt one with screens, cameras, and wifi. Its one that knows to dim the light when you open it at 3am.
The One Ring was the OG Horcrux
We will never discover the perfect crime
Since dust is partly made of human cells, an old library isn’t just a collection of books but also a collection of the people who walk through it
Every time someone sets a World Record, the world sets a World Record for number of World Records recorded.
The most unrealistic thing about SpongeBob is that he isnt sick of Krabby Patties after cooking them every day for a living.
Before we invented cameras, a human had never seen themselves with their eyes closed
If you grind up a rock, youre destroying millions of years of the Earths work
Humans are probably the only species with teeth that dont need teeth to eat.
Now would be a great time for MTV to come back out with Celebrity Deathmatch.
Oreos have become less of a snack and more of an ingredient.
As teenagers, getting picked up was embarrassing because everyone started driving. As adults, getting picked up is great because you dont have to drive.
Bruno Mars looks like younger version of Morpheus from Matrix.
It must suck to be an air conditioner repairman. You spend your day working in buildings that have no air conditioning. When its fixed and finally cool, you leave.
Our brain constantly calculates possible futures and forgets about them immediately. Maybe deja vu is just our brain remembering the calculation and is surprised about actually having predicted the future.
Asking a friend out is the ultimate double or nothing.
Sleeping in until 11am sounds lazier than waking up at 9am and taking a two hour nap later on in the day.
U2 is just W
Dippin Dots has been The ice cream of the future for 30 years now and we still cant get it at the grocery store.
If you had a voodoo doll of yourself you could get unlimited free massages.
Being able to do well in high school without having to put in much effort is actually a big disadvantage later in life.
Turtles are basically hard sandwiches
Maybe we are in a simulation, and they make a few people actually experience a flat earth just to mess with us.
Houses are just big cages
One day soon there will probably be a yo mama so old joke that ends in something like she grew up without the Internet and it will be devastating
If bread goes bad we throw it away, If bananas go bad we make bread out of them
Adulthood is when 4:30am is early in the morning instead of late at night.
Being a great parent is not only raising a child to its full potential but also knowing the risk you may never live to see it.
Anxiety is just your brain coming up with fake news
In the future, self driving vehicles are going to drive themselves back to the dealership when payments are missed.
First AI demands human rights is a headline were probably going to read within the next few years.
Muffins are just cake.
Tinder is the self esteem booster app for average looking woman and self esteem destroyer for average looking men
If you think you ever fucked up bad, just remember somewhere an ant brought borax laced food to the colony killing the queen and the colony
The song “old time rock and roll” is now exactly what it was talking about
When my text alert sounds I get excited. When my phone rings I think Im in deep shit and panic.
Antartica is an island with only a northern coast.
The earth is a rocket and volcanoes are the thrusters
Rocks actually grow, because of the added layers. Probably one of the few inanimate objects to do so.
It would be a good idea to have The Price Is Right with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are.
Anybody that questions why you are shoveling six inches of snow in the *middle* of a snowstorm hasnt shoveled twelve inches of snow at the end of a snowstorm.
Apple has air. Amazon has fire. Google has earth. I think Microsoft should create something called water.
Pregnancy test commercials always advertise people happy the result says pregnant. I bet a lot more people are happy when it says not pregnant.
Due to coin flips, George Washington still makes decisions to this day.
If Apple owned the ISS it would spell disaster for other spacecraft that wanted to dock with it.
Movies are just adults getting paid to play pretend
We make fun of people Instagramming their food, but lest we forget that, during the Renaissance, lots of artists were just painting bowls of fruit.
Vegans arent suitable for vegans
In the Harry Potter universe, where paintings and images can interact with those looking at them, waifu pillows are probably a lot more interesting.
Thor Ragnarok is really about how nothing brings together two siblings like ganging up on the third one
Your dog thinks fetch is a game that the two of you made up, and he loves you for that
Kids today recognize Mr. Potato Head as a character from Toy Story, rather than as an independent toy.
Back in the hunter and gather days, men evolved to be good at seeing motion and women evolved to see contrasts, so it’s kind of unfair for women to get mad at men for not being able to find stuff that they can find easily
Peak productivity is when one is so lazy that they do all of their work in advance so as to avoid doing it later.
The internet does not exist. There is only emulation software.
People that are born in November are Valentines Day sex babies.
If you mentally translate lol to lots of love, conversations take on a new twist.
Harry Potter is the only athlete that wears glasses and successfully participates in a contact sport.
Diabetes is one disease where a sugar pill isn’t a placebo.
There should be a reality show where flat-earthers have to find the edge of the world.
There is nothing better than realizing, after you wake up from having a dream, that there will not be any consequences from the actions that you made in the dream.
Technically all chess is 4D chess because its being played over time
Characters cutting their hands in movies/tv shows whenever they have to spill blood for something
There is a tree out there growing wood for your coffin.
Before social media all this shit just stayed in people’s heads
Severus Snape only expressed dislike for Hagrid because every time Harry interacted with Hagrid, it led to Harry being put in mortal danger, which Snape vowed to prevent.
Face tattoos have about the same social image as tattoos in general used to have 20 years ago
The first person to make ice cream probably ate all the ice cream in the world (at the time).
The fact that a child will stop crying if you cover his wound with a bandaid is evidence of human inclination to be less troubled by our problems as long as we can’t see them
Everyone named Nick has a nickname of Nick...
We’re all only available for a limited time.
No Fortnite February actually did kill Fortnite.
You are all loved, you are all valid, your experience is as legitimate as anybody who has ever lived.
In the future, Google Earth will be able to offer entire views of the world as it was hundreds of years ago.
If google was serious about being spooky, instead of playing scary music and flicking lights, saying Hey Google, lets get spooky! would make your google home tell you all the things that googles algorithm has learned about you based on your data.
Only once youve written up the entire angry paragraph you realize shamefully that nobody gives a fuck.
Both coffee and hot chocolate are elaborate ways to drink beans
I add reddit after every question I search on Google because I trust you all more than other strangers
Young boys today will never know what its like to answer the home phone and have the person on the other end mistake them for thier mother. Hello ms....
If VHS hadn’t won out over Beta, we wouldn’t have these cool Instagram video filters with scan lines, glitches, and other technical malfunctions.
IMDb is basically a resume for actors
You could throw a rock into a lake and be the last person to ever touch that rock until the end of time
People dont spontaneously combust, they just got roasted so hard from somewhere else.
I would never steal a credit card and use it to pay for stuff, because Im sure I would not get away with it, but I am scared of people stealing my credit card and using it to pay for stuff, because Im sure they would get away with it.
Billionaires are probably warning us about AIs because the first thing any sentient AI would do is warn us about Billionaires.
Battle royale games are fighting in their own battle royale for the number one battle royale game
The real winners of Pokémon GO are all the service providers that will rake it in when everyone goes over their data allowance.
Im missing 90% of the internet because google thinks it knows what I want to see
The first person to hear a parrot talk back was probably screwed for a few days.
Referring to your employees as family is the corporate equivalent to telling a prostitute you love her.
Harry Potter was a trust fund jock who married his high school sweetheart and became a cop.
Humans finding the key to immortality would be like the Earth getting cancer - cells that live forever and dont stop multiplying.
Maybe were all playable characters in a cosmic video game, and the fridge is the save point, which is why we all sorta open it, look inside, and then wander off without eating anything.
It kinda makes sense that the target audience for fidget spinners lost interest in them so quickly
My car keys have traveled more than my car
Adding an e to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.
If 2 vegans were fighting each other, would it still be considered as beef
When people go to a bad place they say its hell on earth, or somewhere really nice is heaven on earth. So our daily lives must be purgatory.
How did cats obtain such a high fondness for fish if they are afraid of water
There’s probably a whole group of mostly unknown Hollywood residents with hit songs written about them.
The world is full of winners. We all won the race as sperm cells and were granted life.
Every day of the year could be your date of death but you dont know it yet.
Bicycles are just acoustic motorcycles
Were lucky that our bodies require sleep, otherwise our cultures would have us working 16-20 hour days.
Its strange how coughing only once is weird, usually people cough two or more times.
In fighting, take him out and put him away describe the same result
The guy that designed the bouncing DVD screensaver had no idea what he was about to unleash
Universities should have a soundproof scream room where you can scream your stress away because this is fucking bullshit.
The fact that a blood red lunar eclipse is happening only a week after they opened that black sarcophagus in Egypt is kinda unsettling.
An alternate universe where everything was made of gold would be an Au AU
Looking at the moon at night would feel completely different if the Apollo 11 crew couldnt return home
Replaying a video game that you used to love and eventually got bored of is like hooking up with an ex. It seems like a good idea at first, but you quickly realize why you stopped playing.
We won’t know that we can die until we die, otherwise we might be invincible
If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
The first guy who heard a parrot talk probably thought he was crazy.
It would be very hard for you to know that you have a serious mental health issue if nobody told you.
The fatter you are, the better chance you have at winning in Spin the Bottle
The movie industry considers you to be an adult when youre 17 to see a rated R movie, but they conveniently lower that age to 13 when they are deciding who pays adult ticket prices.
Probiotic sounds a lot better than bacteria infested
When youre a kid, one teacher walking into another teachers classroom is the biggest crossover event reality has to offer
Nothing and silence are two different things.
The third hand of a clock is also its second hand
It’s weird how “Fact-checking” and “News” are treated like two separate concepts nowadays.
We are cultivators of ourselves
Homework prepares children to learn about unpaid overtime.
People’s preferred social media platform depends on what echo chamber they want to hear...
Jello is just boneless bones
If dreaming is the way your brain processes the events youve experienced in a day, insomnia must be your brains way of telling you it doesnt want to deal with your shit.
Your brain automatically translates wtf but not lol
Sears started out as a mail-order catalog that would deliver packages right to your door. It was driven to bankruptcy by an internet site that delivers packages right to your door.
If you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over.
In the next 20 years everything on r/aww will most likely be dead
People asking for nudes is the most high yield, low risk, move they could do to convince another person to hand over compromising material voluntarily, that can be later used by three-lettered agencies via their interception
“People who act like animals are disgusting.” - say the people who have a new partner every weekend.
Having your favorite band come visit you in the hospital is a good sign that youre fucked.
Every single action we take is just a reaction to a combination of nearly infinite prior circumstances
King of the Hill and Bobs Burgers are the few animated sitcoms where the dad is the smart one while the mom is an idiot.
We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.
People who complain about not being taught how to do taxes in high school probably wouldnt have paid attention to it if offered in high school.
The thinner you slice bread you get more bread for the same amount of bread
If we mounted cameras on garbage trucks, Google Maps Street View could update weekly
Sometimes your parents didn’t like your friends not because of the friend, but because of the friend’s parents.
With a shark, every hold is a strangle hold.
Being an adult is like one of those choose your own adventure stories but every option sounds terrible and costs way too much
Being ignorant is a lot like being dead. You dont realise it, but other people suffer from it.
If one second=1minute in video game we are actually moving very slow
Yogurt is just aged milk pudding
Your “older self” is watching you through its memories
Itd be so much cooler if the ball in Times Square climbed a little bit higher every night of the year at midnight until it reached its highest point on December 31st, then dropped as always to start the new year
The opposite of a Chinese-finger trap would be a double-ended dildo
In the context of butterfly effect, a lot of us have, at some point, contributed to the sequence of events that lead to death of one or more persons.
If you drive a new car, you are rich. If you drive an old car, you are poor. If you drive a super old car, you are super rich.
Sneezing is like using sonar to find polite people.
Cold is just the absence of heat, hate is just the absence of love.
Somewhere out there theres two bots matched on tinder that are still locked in conversation, spamming each other with phone numbers and cam site links
Mattresses are just giant pillows
All the stars in the sky could possibly be dead already, we just don’t know because the light takes so long to reach us
Have we as a species just universally agreed that Snoop Dogg can hit a blunt whenever and wherever he wants?
Trying to continue a dream you were having after waking up is like trying to watch a movie when there’s only one actor on screen at a time.
Peppers are the spicy of the fire, mint is the spicy of the ice, carbonation is the spicy of the air, and vinegar is the spicy of the water.
The candles you blow out on a birthday cake represent the years extinguished from your life
The first humans sent on a voyage to another solar system might be greeted by humans who were sent later using faster space ships.
The Smell Of Cotton Candy Has Gone From There Must Be A Carnival Nearby to Whos The Douche Whos Vaping?.
There are stars and nebula that humanity is seeing that have been dead for billions of years, and there probably are new stars and galaxies in their places that we will never see.
If Mr. Game & Watch had a son, it would be named Game Boy
Statistically 100% of World Wars are caused by Austrians
“It’s not the cold, it’s the wind” is the winter equivalent of “it’s not the heat, it’s the humidity.”
Holidays stop being fun when you are old enough to realize you are in a low-income family and your parents stress a lot about the holidays.
The 30 second rule doesn’t apply to liquids
By law our cars have to be road worthy, but the roads don’t have to be car worthy
If the Bloodhound Gang song about doing it like they do on the Discovery Channel were written today, they would be singing about having sex on a crab fishing boat, or with gold miners, or while flipping cars in Texas.
The scariest thing we could discover on another planet would be humans.
A love triangle is actually love V... If it were a triangle they could just have a threesome.
Opps from the black Panther movie album thing could turn into a great Gay parody
Being an adult is worrying about not having enough money and then buying yourself treats because you’ve been worrying a lot lately
Snuggies are just reverse house coats. Just wear your robe backwards and you have a Snuggie
We are lucky body hair, unlike the hair on our heads, stops growing at some point.
There are two types of hotel guests in the world: those who ask when tomorrow’s breakfast begins, and those who ask when it ends.
Babies are like participation trophies for sex
Telephone poles are trees that cleaned up and got a job.
The fact that our body knows the difference between a gas and a solid and which is safe to expel at any given time is greatly under-appreciated.
Curiosity may have killed the cat, but ignorance has caused genocides.
It is acceptable to give someone life without their consent, but its unacceptable to take someones life with their consent.
Looking out a window is just looking through sand
If we considered a missile as an aircraft, then a jet fighter is an aircraft carrier and an aircraft carrier is an aircraft carrier carrier.
By now Stacey IS the mom that has it going on.
People with only one nipple piercing just couldnt hype themselves up a second time.
Flat earthers must be afraid that meteorites could hit the earth from underneath.
The only part of your reflection you can lick is your tongue
If the Simpsons stay on the air while self-driving cars continue to evolve, the day will come when Maggie has as much control at the wheel as Marge
Task Manager should have an End as many tasks as possible without crashing my system button
Exorcism movies focus on the people witnessing the horror or trying to get rid of it, but a scarier, psychological twist would be to reveal what is happening to the person possessed, mentally. They are likely still there, witnesses to their own tormented bodies yet unable to control any of it.
Hospitals are the only places where hearing, We never want to see you here again is a good thing.
Socks are underwear for your feet and sandals are the racy versions of shoes
Anything is a UFO if youre stupid enough.
Pencils you find in the ground are other people pencils that they dropped and went into a different dimension and vise versa
Technically, youve never watched a full movie beacuse you blink.
As a kid, you knew you were eating the adult bread if there was a second crinkly plastic bag inside the outer plastic bag. You also knew your PB&J was about to suck.
The ADA was probably pushed through Congress by sign making companies who subsequently made a fortune on making unnecessary Braille signs.
You can see how houses have gotten bigger by looking at how small old desks are.
Harry Potter is way too emotionally stable for a kid raised by a family who hates him.
If plants give us oxygen, then aren’t plants really the ones farming us, feeding us their food(oxygen) until we eventually die and are put into the ground, which they then consume.
People who dont scoop up their dogs shit while on walks are probably also the same people who dont flush after themselves in public restrooms
Its about time we had the option to turn off the little standby lights on TVs and laptops
When I get in my car, Im always surprised how loud I liked to listen to music yesterday.
Somewhere in the world is worlds most used toilet.
It must be annoying for nudists when they have to clean their glasses
You can adjust the tone and pitch of your voice in your head to something really annoying at your will.
Fitness is like a real life time gated quest. If you could grind out a six pack of abs in a weekend or two, there would be a lot more people with six packs.
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually die and turn into mulch which they can consume
A MRI is basically a deadly metal detector
Oil is just aged dinosaurs, wine for cars.
Fahrenheit is basically asking humans how hot it feels. Celsius is basically asking water how hot it feels. Kelvin is basically asking atoms how hot it feels.
What Is A Showerthought?
We were calling light light before we realized light is actually massless
Revolutions happen when the police care more about the cause than their pensions.
So easy a caveman can do it completely ignores the fact that cavemen were able to start fires without matches and could kill animals several times their size with nothing but very basic weaponry
‘the’ is spelt and pronounced differently, but is always overlooked when reading it
A fat chance and a slim chance are the same amount of chance.
Shrek may unintentionally have the most realistic message of all animated films in that, regardless of inner beauty, people will probably end up with someone who matches them outwardly.
All but a couple of Jason Stathom’s characters are the same person but at a different point in his life.
>20 million soldiers never found out who won WWII
Frogurt sounds a lot more foreign to us than Frozen Yogurt or Froyo.
Gravity is creepy when you realize you’re not walking around on a surface, but getting pulled into a burning core of magma
Memes with the 😂😂 caption are todays version of the sitcom laugh track
The dark matter part of the universe could be unfathomably beautiful but we cant preceive it.
Dreaming is like watching a movie with a shitty plot that sometimes makes you forget everything after you watch it.
Maybe we sleep so well during a thunderstorm because our ancestors knew that predators would not be hunting during a storm.
Time is the final boss, and we all lose to it.
A stopwatch is just a reverse timer
The internet has so much crazy shit on it, you could literally take a picture of your asshole, put a funny caption on it, and then just send it out to all of your friends and no one would assume its your asshole.
Saturday mornings are that point in time where you ask yourself if you just want to relax or start catching up on all the things you didnt get done during the week.
In the early 2000s, “murderedbywords” would have just been “owned”
People giving you a surprise gift for doing something nice for them on your spare time is like completing a side quest in a RPG.
Robot vacuums are like babies because no matter what is on the floor, it will go into their mouths.
Baby gates are the exact equivalent to - This area is locked until you’ve gained more experience.
Its crazy that something like a Wal-Mart gift card is printed on plastic, but my social security card is printed on the flimsiest piece of paper Ive ever handled.
Honey is flower syrup
The adult version of head, shoulders, knees, and toes is phone, wallet, keys, and smokes.
If your hairs parted to the side and you achieve the perfect look in the mirror, you didnt. Quite the opposite in fact.
When a child makes a shoe design, it is almost worth $0.05, but Gucci is selling the same thing for $900
If the entire universe including all memories etc. was created a second ago, nobody would know
Much like how we now find ancient relics from ancient civilizations, future generations will probably be baffled by rovers they find buried under the sand on Mars.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit is actually a sci-fi movie about AI
The criminals that we know about are either bad or really good at what they do.
Its a good thing decaying plants dont smell like rotting corpses or Fall would be traumatizing.
Goofy and Pluto are really in a 24/7 BDSM pup play relationship.
If the movie Honey, I Shrunk the Kids took place in Australia, those kids would have died real fucking quick.
If I eat my meal from the frying pan at a restaurant, its sophisticated and a sign of quality. If I do it at home, Im lazy and disgusting.
In English you can drink a drink but you cant eat an eat or food a food
If Adam Sandler’s movie “Click” didn’t have the happy end scene where he wakes up, it could’ve been a 2 hour black mirror episode.
Consistently skipping a song on your favourites list is kind of like realizing you dont like a friend as much as you thought you did
Mastrubating to your SO is as loyal as a relationship goes
1 Newton apparently weighed around 650 newton.
Beanies are just head socks
In high school, I fantasized about freezing time to touch girls boobs. That means I had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a girl like me.
Ultrasound technicians must have some roller-coaster days where they go from happily showing parents their growing babies to acting like they dont know if something looks terribly wrong.
Biscuits and gravy is just one form of flour and milk poured onto another form of flour and milk.
The difference between being sad and depression is sort of like the difference between the weather and climate
If there was an STD that decreased the size of male genitalia, nobody would think twice about wearing a condom ever again.
An updated version of Diamonds are girls best friend is Followers are girls best friends.
The first person to use a fake mustache as a disguise was probably very successful.
Before the internet: most people lived in an information desert. After: people live in an information flood and the waters unsafe to drink.
Cute nicknames like Trash Panda and Danger Noodle would probably be considered slurs in Zootopia.
Stan Lee’s funeral is going to be a reverse cameo where all the superheroes appear in the background of his story
7-Eleven is really lucky the attacks didnt happened on 7/11
If you change the W to a T in what, where and when you will have an answer
A serial killer has probably watched a documentary on their unsolved crimes and laughed at the inaccuracies in the leads
It should be socially acceptable to be able to turn off from the world and ignore everyone for a day or two without having to explain why or feel weird about it
Regret is the wet sock you get from not picking up the bit of ice that fell on the kitchen floor 15 minutes ago
We would all fail to note any vampires in space because all telescopes use mirrors.
It becomes less and less acceptable to cry in public the older you get, despite the reasons for doing so becoming more and more valid
Cryptography is discreet mathematics.
Humans don’t care about the rapidly declining state of our planet, but are crying over a robot’s battery dying on a completely different planet.
Once you start clapping you never stop there’s just a longer interval between claps.
Anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you cant find any enemies.
Quoting just makes plagiarizing sound cool.
You could build a 1000ft wall around the earth with the 108B people who have ever lived
Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras cant get a clear shot of a robber standing still.
Technically, anyone who has ever been abroad to a country with a different timezone is a time traveler.
If there is a mile high club then there probably is a mile below club that marine biologists and deep ocean explorers join
Schools want you to put on your thinking cap, but dont allow hats in the classroom
When both people awkwardly stop typing because they see that the other is typing, its the digital equivalent of two people moving in the same direction to avoid one another
The first man who gave a colorful sparkly stone to a girl really had no idea what he was getting the rest of us into
Someone with 6 fingers on one hand could rake in big bucks asking others to guess the amount of fingers extended behind their back.
When medication says do not operate heavy machinery theyre probably mainly referring to cars, but my mind always goes to forklift.
every time you paint your room youre making it a little bit smaller
Having an unseen handicap is like fighting through life with the difficulty set on high while everyone judges you against the default difficulty level
The atmosphere is like a giant space suit for the earth.
Radios (audio) have easy to use volume controls, but TVs (audio and visual) dont have easy to use brightness controls.
One of the hidden perks of having kids is that when you help with homework you get to relearn all of the things you forgot from school.
Apple treats you like a user, Android treats you like an admin.
If we ever travel thousands of light years to a planet inhabited by intelligent life, let’s just make patterns in their crops and leave.
People that still spike their hair in 2019 are like the people that kept mullets past the 80s
When your relationship has issues of the past that you cant get past, you have no future.
Madden Road to the super bowl is like story mode
When a tree gets its leaves back during the spring it is relieved.
People that born in september are the result of new year sex.
When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK.
People who post pictures of restaurant menus on Yelp when you cant find them anywhere else are the real MVPs.
The biggest downside to cell phones is that instead of an argument being over when you leave for work, now - thanks to texting - the argument can continue All. Fucking. Day.
Learning about sex by watching porn is like learning to drive by watching Fast and Furious
If every highschool/college student took a one year long practical course where they work one semester in retail and one semester in food service, there would be far less rude customers
Once you get 20 scraches on a surface you score a score of scores.
When youre a teenager and you watch your parents trying to use technology, thats how they feel when you try to date
Sweets are just the drugs of children
Starfish are reverse Pisces.
All dogs are therapy dogs. The majority of them are just freelancing.
The phrase Dead men tell no tales was coined so long ago that the person who said it is very likely dead... thus proving them wrong.
If death is just a reliving of your past, youd never know it
Being a man in Florida isnt a problem, but being a Florida Man is.
If dinosaurs are ever brought back to life, they will be turned into the most expensive and sought after shoes/jackets/handbags.
Not too long ago we checked the news to verify something we saw on the internet. Now we check the internet to verify what we see on the news.
Based on a true story movies are all part of the same series.
Confusing Link and Zelda is the modern version of confusing Frankenstein and Frankenstein’s monster.
Sex is only as much fun as the other person is having.
My way of flirting is looking at the person Im attracted to and hoping theyre braver than I am.
Even though you look at them every day, you still don’t know what the inside of your eyelids look like.
Men may never know the pain of childbirth, but women will never know the pain of finding out the child theyve been raising isnt their own.
You can quite easily hear a car from quite a long way away but to hear one against many is impossible.
With a billion dollars, you could spend 34 grand a day for 80 years. It would take a person working full time at minimum wage 2 years to make 34 grand.
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you dont know what either of those things are.
The front pocket on a hoodie is basically a widely used, discreet, and acceptable version of a fanny pack
Vehicles today can surf the web, link to your phone, stream music and videos, etc.. but they still cant perform a simple database lookup to tell you what the check engine light is on for.
Ethics is the condom of life. It’s a lot more fun without it, but you know better.
I regard NASCAR the same way I regard gay porn: I know it exists and I know some guys like it; I just dont want to see it
The entire wait staff singing Happy Birthday to the customer is never a positive experience for either yet it shows no signs of slowing down
Managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position
The kids who play fortnite probably don’t even know how long a fortnight is...
Being attracted to people who wear glasses is the one fetish for physically impared thats socially acceptable
We stopped looking for monsters under our beds because as we grew older, we realised that the real monsters were the people around us.
If there WAS mind readers reading your thoughts then there would be a lot more disgusted looks shot your way.
Myabe insted of kill germ we could talk
At the age of 28, my expected lifetime remaining is around 63%. When I see my phones battery at 63%, I feel like its almost dead.
People who dont sing regularly feel more confident in their singing ability than people who do sing regularly
Being an adult is eating the crust not because you like it, but because you paid for it.
At most stages in life, with enough work, you can do anything you decide to achieve.
I dont know a single person who would want a thinner phone over a few hours of extra battery life.
Coffee is just bean water.
Thanks to Elon Musk, there is now a non-zero chance of getting into a car accident in space.
One of the most frustrating feelings in the world is being smart enough to know there’s a better way to do something but not smart enough to invent a way to do it.
8 hours of drinking is binge drinking, 8 hours of TV is binge watching, 8 hours of sleep is barely enough
One day the local sports team we’re cheering for could be the milky way, against other galaxies
Soup is a drink.
Humans are such apex predators that we think getting scared like prey is fun and entertaining.
The most unrealistic thing about Guardians of the Galaxy is that Peter didnt break his headphones for 30+ years.
Cutting corners just makes more corner.
Your tongue’s ability to detect hair is underrated.
Your keys have traveled further than your car.
When people brokenly speak a second language they sound less intelligent but are actually more knowledgeable than most for being able to speak a second language at all.
Vampires are so confident because they couldnt see themselves in the mirror during their teenage years.
If raisins are dried grapes, then beef jerky is just a meat raisin.
Its sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect & uselessness for no fault of its own.
If combat in Harry Potter is based on saying spells quickly and at the right time, rappers would basically be the magical Navy SEALs.
True friendship is when you un-floop your dogs ears, so they don’t have to shake their heads.
When i was younger, I trusted my parents driving skills without a doubt. As an adult, riding with my parents terrifies me.
Conspiracy theories make dumb people feel smart.
Turning 18 would be a much bigger deal if it was impossible to lie about your age on the Internet.
Somewhere, someone has John Wick’s living dog.
Doing laundry is the only acceptable time to separate whites from colours.
If you pay to see the results of an online IQ test, then you failed the test.
If Google didn’t care about pissing people off, a good April Fools’ prank would be to make reCAPTCHAs go on forever and see how long people keep clicking the little squares
A parking ticket is a speeding ticket for going 0 mph where it isnt allowed
Pinterest is like a virus that infected the google image search.
hot tap water and cold tap water have different flavours
When you wear your sock inside out, the entire universe is wearing that sock but you.
Hospitals are the only place where getting to skip the line makes you feel bad
A cartoon sees a cartoon like live action
You can recognize someone just from the way they sneeze.
Found a sign announcing a get-together for psychics at a particular place and time. If they were really psychics, they would have already known where to go and when.
For every lottery winner there are thousands of people who were one or two digits off
English class is like a conspiracy theory class because they will find meaning in absolutely anything
A sneeze is basically a nose fart.
I️ bet people with one arm are amazing at spooning.
Helping your parents with technology is sorta like when to your parents helped you win a school project. Nobody learns much, but the work gets done
Smirnoff ice and mikes hard lemonade are the vapes of alcohol
In the toy story universe, a lot of people must have mysteriously died after buying horror movie merchandise.
The mentality its only $5, why not buy it? has probably cost me over $5000 dollars in my lifetime
If playing music in reverse sounded good, we would have twice the music to listen to
NPCs in video games telling you to enjoy the scenery are really just the developers telling you to appreciate the game they made.
Quitting cable news is like quitting smoking. After a year without you see how disgusting it really is.
Telling my Echo to tell my Roomba to start working creates a weird robotic hierarchy in my household
Punishment for honesty is what makes us lie.
Your own semen is treated similar to that of boogers. Quite satisfying to get out, but you probably shouldn’t do it in a public situation. You’d also have to be pretty weird to put that stuff in your own mouth
When you sink in quicksand, youre actually sinking very slowly.
For many people, their car is their best sound system
Parents who say, If youre feeling well enough to play video games, youre feeling well enough to go to school! dont seem to realize they are equating an extremely low impact leisure activity with a high stress and difficult involuntary obligation.
If we finally get a game where Zelda is the main character, the game will be titled The Legend of Link.
Squirrels always look and act like its their first day being a squirrel.
The Egg came before the Chicken.
“Goteem” has stood the test of time far better than its counterpart “Deeznuts”
The first person to have invented audio recording probably thought it didnt work right when their voice sounded different in the recording.
Clean as a whistle sounds sarcastic if you think about how dirty the inside of a whistle must be.
Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.
Lyrics of Simple Plans Jet Lag : You say Goodmorning when its Midnight is technically correct.
Electricity both stops and starts hearts
Eating a meal in bed is indicative of one of two things: luxury or laziness.
If Lord Farquad had picked Snow White, Shrek could have just gone home and gotten her body off his dining room table. End of story.
LEGO creates an infinite amount of products without making new products
Trademarking a mixture of paint is trademarking a chemical compound
For a song entitled Piano Man it sure does have a lot of harmonica.
TYPING IN FULL CAPS MAKES IT LOOK LIKE YOU’RE SCREAMING WHEN IT’S ACTUALLY A WAY TO GET PEOPLE’S ATTENTION TO DISTRACT YOU FROM THE FACT THAT YOU’RE lonely
Hobbits are just part of the evolution timeline of human
A retail employee is expected to be polite to even the most dickish of customers while a police officer is just allowed to taze someone for not offering them complete respect
I avoid looking at intentionally loud cars driving by because thats what they want me to do.
Holding your breath to get rid of hiccups is like turning your lungs off and on again
Candles are just acoustic lamps
“Boneless wings” is just a way to make adults feel better about ordering chicken nuggets.
Paul McCartney wrote yesterday when he was 22
Money is stored energy and time.
Someone’s therapist knows more about you than some of your friends
Urban Dictionary will probably be a useful tool for future historians so they can actually figure out what were saying.
You dont realize how strong your legs are until you try to do a handstand
Forests are same as grass for giants
At special occasions girls with curly hair straighten it and girls with straight hair curl it.
Choosing to not text first could be a sign of both superiority complex AND inferiority complex.
The CEO of Starbucks technically runs one of the worlds largest drug empires
Mirrors could be portals into other universes that we can see through
A lot of people are going to be pissed when they find out their self-driving car wont go 60 in a 55.
A fork is just a 2D whisk
The only thing fire drills actually teach people is how to sarcastically leave a building as a group.
An hourglass has more moving parts than a complicated wristwatch.
Rockstar has really proven with their popular games GTA V and Red Dead Redemption 2 that we have never really outgrown playing cops and robbers or cowboys and Indians
We all just might be inside a higher dimension beings chewing gum bubble
People who stop you in public to try and sell you something are like real life pop up ads.
Sometimes a fridge REALLY closes, like more than other times, and you have to use 5x force to open it, like its trying to say ‘no Deborah, that’s enough cheese for tonight’, fuck you judgemental fridge.
The only prisons where all the inmates are innocent...are zoos
A person who works 7 days a week, and person who is too lazy to work niether bother to know what day it is.
Your brain is the most important organ in your body, according to your brain.
Pessimism gets a bad rap. Not much wouldve gotten better if people werent pointing out flaws all the time.
You cant lose a homing pigeon.
You will always pass your death day and never know it.
as an adult, i always forget that i can literally get in my car and buy a cake whenever i want and no one can stop me
The other day, someone said, Newtons rolling over in his grave in response to a basic physics mistake. But if Newton heard someone suggest his corpse could move without an external force acting upon it, he would roll over in his grave.
Your salary is the bribe they give you to forget your dreams
Its easier to judge a decision someone else has made than it is to make a decision yourself.
Whoever made the feature that tells you how long until the alarm goes off on your smartphone immediately after you set it deserves a medal
The massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months
Deadpool is the perfect replacement for Stan Lee as the go-to cameo guy once the latter passes away.
Owning a pet would be ten times cuter if we could make them laugh.
Real heroes refill toilet paper in the cabinet when they put the last roll on the holder
Nothing is on fire. Fire is on things.
Locks just turn doors into a wall.
We learn to read, then read to learn.
The death of Oppy could be a social experiment to see if humans can form emotional connections with AI
USPS could make more money if they put post offices in airports so instead of throwing something out that you forgot was in your bag you could mail it home.
We were skeleton costumes on Halloween while skeletons wear human costumes for the rest of the year.
The past is expecting us to make a timemachine while the present is expecting it from the future
A fart smells worse when youre naked because theres no clothes to filter it.
Xbox Kinect is basically reverse VR. In Kinect you do the actions but you aren’t in the world, but in VR you are in the world but don’t act out everything
Talking ts the same amount of easiness said and done
The iPhone X is more expensive than 2 humans in Libya
If you cut a random line in a ball of yarn, you create two balls of yarn joined together
All the ancient stories of good vs evil are just personification of inner thoughts
Despite not being a liquid, phones are also good till the last drop.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough
If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in your native language, you dont speak the language very well. If you speak with a lot of slang and profanity in a second language, you speak the language excellently.
Nothing is more heart breaking than having to let go of someone you love because they are not the person you wanted to believe they are.
If I get up 10 minutes earlier than usual, I treat it like 2 extra hours and end up late for work.
If the pollution of oceans and overfishing continue, they’ll have to update ”there’s plenty of fish in the sea” to ”there are still some fish left among the trash”, which is also far more accurate dating-wise.
25 years from now, youre going to have to go to a wedding for a couple of kids named Kylo and Khaleesi.
It’s possible for your clothes to come out of the washing machine perfectly folded
Eating lunch alone as a kid is like torture, getting to eat lunch alone as an adult is a nice treat.
Props to the first person to eat a crab. Basically eating a giant spider.
You may be the richest guy to comment on this post and not even know it unless you are Jeff Bezos
Inside every 85 year old man is an 18 year old saying what the fuck just happened.
Someone has your dream job and hates going to work every day.
A true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group.
When you get out of school at 3, it felt very late. When you get off work at 3, it feels like you got half your day back.
The biggest cause of cancer in mice is research.
People do not give enough recognition to the inventor of the modern toilet
Spiders living in a blind persons home have really hit the lottery.
There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.
The new credit card chip readers should play a pleasant sound to notify that your card is approved. The harsh buzzing noise they make gives me a mini panic attack every time thinking my card was declined.
There’s no better feeling than waking up to go to school but then realizing it’s Saturday.
If Batman is canonically about 32 then he was born in 1986. And if his parents were killed leaving a movie theatre when he was 10 years old, then there is a real possibility that they were seeing Space Jam
If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldnt even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
Tinder is the opposite of porn site advertisements. There actually are a ton of hot singles in my area, but none of them are interested in me.
As a crab, if you’re small you get eaten by a natural predator. if you’re big you get eaten by a human
David Attenborough is the British version of Morgan Freeman
You can play the game of chess and the game of checkers on the same board - which makes the chessboard the first-ever gaming platform.
Fireplaces are crematoriums for trees.
If you take care of chickens, you are literally a chicken tender.
Had humans evolved so we lived under water instead of on land, we would probably send up helicopters/cars filled with water, like some sort of reverse submarine, above the ocean in order to explore
Ignoring a problem is just like letting it level up before facing you.
If you believe knocking on wood can solve your issues then you can believe anything is wood.
To your stomach, all potatoes are mashed potatoes.
A really underrated accomplishment is that toilets dont require power to flush
Someone asked for a special font for sarcastic comments BuT tHeY DiD noT kNOw wE AlReaDy hAd 0Ne!
People who have their favorite color as white couldn’t decide on what color they liked the most so they just went with all of them.
History is a subject that will get harder and harder over time
The first gulp of a liquid is always loud, while the next ones are silent.
If shame were actually an effective motivator, no one would ever get fat or commit what they consider to be a sin.
Phones always gets lost when theyre silent mode
The movement on Mars just became half when oppertunity stopped working.
If pigs could fly their wings would probably taste really good
Earth is a planet that tells other planets if they are planets or not.
The more bad guys that a hero is facing in a movie, the better their chance of survival; 1v5 is no problem but 1v1 will see the hero messed up pretty bad.
Being shit is bad. Being the shit is good.
Theres a scene in Forest Gump showing that he made a ton of money from Apple stock purchased in the 70s. When we saw that scene in 1994 we all thought  too bad we missed the boat on that one.
If the boys in South Park grew as the show progresses, theyd be 32 years old
Crickets are the most relaxing sound ever. A cricket is the most irritating sound ever.
Soups are just savory flavored drinks.
This Spring Forward thing would be a lot more popular if we moved the clocks ahead at 2PM on Monday.
Thursday just feels like its there for the sake of being there.
Comic Con is the best way to see what your favorite characters would look like if they let themselves get out of shape.
The memory of a dream is like a GIF that loses frames each time you try to remember it
Not being able to see the Blood Moon was the equivalent of this content is unavailable in your country
If you go from high school to college to being a teacher you essentially have the same annual schedule your entire life.
If phones warned that listening at a high volume may cause damage to headphones instead of hearing, more people would probably keep their volume lower.
Wolverine could just keep throwing his severed dicks at you until you give up and run away
If Santa had any kids, that would make them dependent clauses.
If you time traveled 1 year into the future and said hi to someone you knew they would probably cry and wonder where you disappeared to last year
Girls dont compliment guys because theyre likely to take it non-platonically, guys take it non-platonically because it happens so infrequently they dont know how to handle it
When you’re taking the bus, the bus is actually taking you
Telling a dangerously overweight person not to lose weight because theyre beautiful is like telling an alcoholic not to stop drinking because theyre fun.
If my data is used to stream an advertisement I should get paid for it.
It’s the assholes that give us energy to fight for the good in the world
The man bun is the mullet of the millennials.
No one has ever killed themselves when really needing a wee
It takes more effort to say www than to say World Wide Web
If you get mad at your dog cause you had a bad day then you’re giving them a bad day because you are their life.
Any activity that doesnt end in your death can be considered death defying.
In the movie Birdbox, seeing as animals arent affected, guide dogs would be the most valuable animal companion to have over a bird
Penises are 100% made out of penis
Wall-E is the kids version of a Black Mirror episode.
Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime.
A prison is the ultimate escape room
Bill Nye is like the Drake of the scientific community. Highly admired but owes most of his credit to ghost writing.
Someone in the world has the single greatest guitar ever built and doesn’t know it
Country is just Tractor Rap
The leather jacket Ive been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.
The lobes of the infinity symbol are the sets of positive & negative numbers. And the X in the middle is zero. X=0
Theres probably some women out there whose children secretly belong to the wrong man and are freaking out about the fact that people are taking DNA tests for fun.
Whoever created the tradition of not seeing the bride in the wedding dress beforehand saved countless husbands everywhere from hours of dress shopping and will forever be a hero to all men.
Your debit card pays for things with past hours of your life, and your credit card pays with future hours of your life.
Salted caramel is the taste equivalent of an oxymoron
Bottled water companies do not produce water, they produce plastic bottles.
Most rappers sing about being richer then they actually are. Most country singers sing about being poorer then they actually are
Contact lenses are just the airpods of vision
Bayonnets are litteraly made to bring a knife to a gun fight.
If you have one or more siblings, youre a son/daughter of a motherfu**er.
If we could screenshot conversations in real life then lying wouldnt be as much a problem
Im only done browsing Reddit on mobile when I press the wrong part of the screen and it scrolls all the way back to the top.
EAs slogan Its in the game doesnt really make sense anymore
In our generation, almost all people will have a final text message from anyone who dies from our circle of acquaintances.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned and Im sorry daddy; Ive been very naughty are simultaneously saying very similar and very different things.
The more they tear places down to build apartments, there will be places to live and nothing to do.
As good as Robin Williams was as genie, his performance as Batty in Fern Gully might be as good, if not better, just because he made what would have been a terrible movie entertaining.
If the Boov in the movie Home used devices to collect balls of human items, it is very possible that there are many large spheres of dildos just floating around the world.
We all joked that Hollywood wasn’t giving Leonardo Di Caprio an Oscar so he would keep making great movies, and he hasn’t been in one since he won his Oscar.
Somebody at google was just like yea, just have someone drive down every road on fucking earth.
Olive oil is fruit juice.
One of the most annoying things as a kid was when parents asked the fastest way to your house
Sleep is a free trial for death while the dreams serve as ads.
Accidentally opening Apple Maps is the GPS equivalent of accidentally opening Internet Explorer.
Weddings are weird because its totally socially acceptable to get all your friends and family together, sort them by how much you like them, and place them at tables that shows the ranking based on proximity to you.
Severus Snape was an incel who took to a race based nationalist group because it gave him a sense of inclusion. He did not leave that group and betray its leader until they killed a married woman he was obsessed with.
cliffsnotes are the original tl;dr
Jokes in real life and on the internet are usually completely different
Saying The First 3 Star Wars Films can actually refer to any of the first 6.
Commuters probably get stuck in traffic with roughly the same group of people every day, just in a different order.
In your body it is always pitch black dark.
Throwing king and queen naked into the poorest region of theirs kingdom would be great way to measure quality of their reign.
Movie theaters should have a headphone jack option, so people can plug in and hear the movie without hearing idiots talk behind them.
The first actor who said curses while playing a villain may have just been reading the stage directions.
Checking your phone when someone pulls out their phone is the yawn of our generation
All pickles are cucumbers, but no cucumber is a pickle...
mom is making chichen nuggest
The carboniferous Era was like the awkward teenage phase of earth
You cant spell advertisements without semen between the tits
A good number of jobs today exist thanks largely to peoples unwillingness to look up tutorials online.
If lab mice with cells reprogrammed to produce insulin escaped they could eat all the sugar in the world thus curing the Diabetes epidemic for humans.
Neil DeGrasse Tysons biggest flaw in being Neil DeGrasse Tyson is not being able to experience Neil DeGrasse Tyson
A guy named Weird Al has had a 40+ year long career with no allegations of sexual impropriety.
When youre an orphan everything is family sized
If I think my life is pointless while on the couch, Im depressed. If I think my life is pointless while walking through the woods, Im a deep soul.
When you put sunglasses on you just lower down the brightness irl
The Big Ball of Fire in the Sky
Google translate is like a person who knows many languages but is not good at any of them.
If elevators didnt exist, the penthouse would be for poor people.
There is probably a school principal somewhere in the world with a collection of confiscated Pokémon cards worth thousands.
The reason why tomato soup and grilled cheese is such a good combo is because its basically the same ingredients as pizza.
A volcano is a circumcised mountain.
The tallest humans in the world are the closest mankind will ever come to being the height of a brachiosaurus.
The Roman Colosseum has people saying ‘Wow this is 1000 years old’ 1000 years ago.
Wheres Waldo? would be much scarier if Waldo was the one searching for you.
Biting your fingernails is low-key cannabilism.
A person wearing a suit in a room of people in t-shirts is usually the most important person there, a person wearing a t-shirt in a room full of suits is more likely the most important person in the room
Anything tastes good with enough creamer...
If Apple manufactured clothing theyd probably have all the belt loops on their jeans a different size than normal, so youd also have to buy an Apple Belt.
Waffles are just pancakes with built in syrup holders
After being in college, I have no idea how I used to go to high school at 8 am everyday.
That No alcohol beyond this point might as well say, Bet you cant chug that whole beer..
The main child actors in Harry Potter were tutored on set so they theoretically went to school at Hogwarts
Losing your train of thought is like your brain is buffering.
Transformers is like optimus primes diary entry
The holiday season is the one time you can shout, Dont come in here! from inside a closed room where people will assume youre wrapping gifts instead of masturbating.
*Nsfw* In space, reverse cowgirl and doggystyle are the same positions.
Being shot with an arrow is basically being long-distance stabbed.
You know youve reached adulthood when your bed is in the middle of the wall instead of in the corner.
Avatar, the highest grossing film of all time, seems to have made zero impact on culture. No one references the movie and no one really talks about it since it was released 10 years ago.
How do you die, when youre already dead inside.
Smoking is good for the enviroment because it kills people
You know youve listened to an album too much when your brain plays the intro to the next song before it actually starts playing.
Asking you if you get sleep is the “did you turn it on and off?” of psychologists.
The first person who successfully recorded their own voice probably thought they did it wrong when they listened to it.
For us to br here, All of our ancestors actually survived evey epidemic in human history
Your phones Contacts eventually become a grave yard of past relationships you will never contact again
Witches have black cats because if they had white cats they would have white cat hair all over their clothes.
If everyone on earth died simultaneously, the internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking, and upvoting each other.
Cooking is a very intimate thing because you are making something that is going to be inside someone else.
Timepiece with the fewest moving parts: Sundial. Timepiece with the most moving parts: Hourglass.
When were young, we sneak out our house to go to parties. When were old, we sneak out of parties to go home.
The super-rich have fast cars, private jets, many large homes, exclusive designer fashion, live-in chefs, original artworks, and the same phone as you.
People that wait until they’re married to have sex only have sex with people in their family.
Too bad alcohol isnt heavily discounted the day after St. Patricks Day the way candy is after Valentines Day.
A mans nipples are the biological equivalent of the blank plastic panels they put in a car in places where you didnt get certain options.
Amazon is just Wal-Mart but with the workers misery hidden from view
The main difference between a horror movie and an action movie is how skilled the protagonist is at fighting.
If someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, I would walk it so slowly and carefully to its destination. But I drive my car with one hand, while messing with the radio, going 70 mph.
The first person to ever milk a cow was either very hungry or very horny
You could have died years ago you are actually living in someone else’s memory.
The average human being has a disease/condition that affects only 1% of the population.
If you take a dump and look at it you are the first person to see that specific dump.
Reading a book under a tree seems nice to us, but for a tree its taunting them with the shredded flesh of their family.
People say that you are one in a million, but they fail to tell you about the possibility that over seven thousand versions of you could also exist.
No matter how old you are, an empty wrapping paper tube is still fun to bonk someone over the head with.
The reason the real joke is always in the comments is because its way easier to add comedy than to create it from nothing. This is why your hilarious friend cant just go on stage and do stand up.
Without ugly in the world there would be nothing beautiful
One of the biggest surprises most of us had in our childhood was seeing the moon during day time
All parking is angled parking.
One of the most comforting things you can hear from your classmate is I havent started yet either
We say “hair” when referring to lots of it, but we say “hairs” when referring to a few.
Earth is the only planet that tells other planets if they’re planets
Frustration is having to clean someone else’s pee off of a toilet seat, so the next person doesn’t think you did it.
Poor 13. It just missed the clock, times tables, the dozen, the apostles, the calendar (months) and is considered the unluckiest number. It can’t get a break.
The fact that Bings first suggestion is Google instead of goggles when you search for goggles is a good indicator as to why they arent the #1 search engine.
Calling water ice cold or freezing cold is dumb because if it was actually either of those things, it wouldnt be water anymore.
Medical technology is way more advanced for mice than it is for us.
If identical twin sisters become pregnant from the same guy then their kids will be full siblings genetically speaking.
It is possible that we agreed to live in this reality, but that we also agreed that we wouldnt know why we are in it.
80s and 90s kids got sick of their moms telling them to pause the game, so they grew up, became developers, and invented games that cant be paused.
Fitbits are just like Tamagotchis, except the stupid little creature you have to keep alive is yourself.
Opportunity will be waiting for us when we get to mars and revive him
Shows with laugh tracks would be actually funny if the laugh track were replaced with the sound of just one guy laughing hysterically
Every time you masturbate, there’s probably someone on Earth that is also masturbating with your strokes synchronized
No one really knows the time when the first clock was made
Rocks are often seen as dull, pointless objects rather than millions of years in the making.
Being Jr. or the Second is the real life equivalent of having to put numbers after a username.
If there was a picture of every Joe in the world wed finally be able to see what the average Joe looks like
Someone could be making perfect counterfeit bills and no one would know
Due to the fact that eyes can not focus on multiple things at the same time, you cannot look someone in the eyes, you can only look them in the eye
It’s entirely possible that two random people on the internet have had a friendly conversation on one forum and later an aggressive hateful conversation on another forum, without ever knowing of their previous wholesome interaction.
Kids endlessly asking why are actually applying the socratic method and stimulate adults to think critically.
Girls like Nicki Minaj must feel like they’re permanently sitting on a booster seat.
Humans are really bad at recharging, it takes about 8 hours charge for 16 hours of use.
Me at 8 years old: When I grow up no one will tell me when I have to go to bed. Me at 33 years old: Ooo, theres an app that will analyze my sleep quality and patterns and alert me when my optimal bedtime is approaching.
As an adult, I no longer masturbate because Im horny. Its either to relieve stress or because im bored.
Joe rogan said it best. “If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.”
Not many things say this is someone elses problem now more than a leaf blower does.
No matter what business it is now you can always tell when it used to be a Pizza Hut.
If someone possesses exclusively average qualities, that person is nowhere near average.
Regular dogs probably see police dogs and think Oh sh*t its the cops
DIY saves hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars. You just need hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars worth of equipment to do it.
Dc made superman way too overpowered and after realizing the fact, they decided to make his greatest weakness a literal rock just to overcome balancing issues!
There needs to be a non-verbal, hyper realistic found footage film about surviving the zombie apocalypse in the city. No shitty clichés about grouping together, having the one funny black guy, or the hot girl who first hates the protagonist and then they love each other in the end.Just pure survival
Automatic flush toilets rob you of the joy of turning around and admiring your accomplishment.
Penguins are just seal software running on bird hardware.
If you put a map of your country on the floor, there will be a point on the map that is touching the actual point it refers to
The main objective of golf is to play the least amount of golf.
When laundry powder manufacturers want clothes to appear “whiter than white” they add a trace of blue dye. When hair dye manufacturers want hair to appear blacker than black they add a trace of blue dye. Blue is both a white intensifier and a black intensifier.
We make fun of clumsy cats and dogs, but some of them probably just need glasses and we cant know it.
Women must find Dad jokes attractive, or theyd be known as bachelor jokes
The human beings can be considered as a parasitic infection, and natural disasters are just hosts immune response.
“Lazytown” was a show in which the protagonists promoted health and criticized unhealthy behavior, such as being on the internet all the time. Now the antagonist of the show is an icon to those who browse the internet all day
Its a special kind of gratification when the slow car youre stuck behind turns away, and you speed up to show the people behind you that you werent the one clogging up traffic.
Undercuts are like mohawks but without the commitment
Its good to take your mind off things, but its not good to take your mind off problems
When a bird sings its song, and another bird responds with the same song, its basically a retweet.
Everyones butt would be much smaller if we actually LMAO.
Vacations are a lot more work than just staying at home
Every year on the calendar we pass our future death anniversary.
The brain is the most important organ in your body according to the brain
Prepare to see Elon Musks car as an Easter Egg floating in the background of Sci-fi movies.
The true mark of adulthood is when your parents no longer schedule your Dr appointments so instead you just don’t go and hope you don’t die.
Everyone always worries about how a small action can change the present if they go back in time but no one thinks about how they could change the future in the present
Telling someone they look better with a beard is basically saying they look better the less you can see their face.
In 50 years, theyll be able to rerun How its made by simply changing the title to How it was Made
Sunny D tastes like someone made a bet that they could make orange juice without oranges
“Setting the bar low” is an insult to pole vaulters but a compliment for limbo enthusiasts
We see vegetables grow in gardens all the time, but never in the wild.
When your GPA is low, it’s an indicator that you may not be cut out for the job you want. But when it’s high, it “doesn’t matter in the real world.”
Ironically, beating up someone just for being a Nazi would actually be a hate crime.
At the age of 60, Snoop Dogg will be 420 in dog years
The Office shows us that interesting characters and good writing matter much more than a good setting.
Witnessing a violent volanic eruption is as terrifying as it is majestic.
Milkshakes are just liquid ice-cream
Pixar is the version of Disney that just wants to tell the story without people singing every 10 minutes.
The pool on the Titanic is still full.
Cucumbers can be good food and a good time
The Onion might go bankrupt because they cant compete against the reality now
During nighttime youre basically standing in the shadow of the earth
We all inherently know the dangers of mixing water and electricity, this advice comes from a brain which is 73% water and contains a hundred billion electrically conductive wires
The taller you get, the harder it is to pee standing up
How does lesbians lose their virginity.
If video games go fully VR in a few years, with headsets and treadmills commonplace, the cliche body type for nerds and geeks might become strong quads and six packs
Being at a strip club is like being at the dolphin show at sea world. I want to enjoy it, but I just feel bad for them.
If you made a vodoo doll of yourself and sat on it you would never be able to get back up again.
I just realized that whenever I hear a ... walk into a bar joke, Ive been picturing the same bar my whole life. I wonder if it exists somewhere or if its just a mesh of different bars I saw on tv as a kid.
With how many streaming services there are it won’t be long before someone bundles them all together and we end up with Cable TV again.
For every successful “before and after” weight loss image there must be thousands of hopeful “before shots” that never made it to a celebratory post.
If you see matrix backwards its about how Keanu Reeves leaves drugs to get a stable job in a company
When we sleep, our brains have enough power to generate its own reality in dreams. When we’re awake, it doesn’t have enough power to remember why we walked into a room.
Movie theaters should charge babies as adults to deter people from bringing them.
Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons.
Somewhere in China theres a warehouse filled with millions of fidget spinners and a company about to go bankrupt.
People sometimes dont like to eat bread heels, but they are perfectly ok with hamburger buns which is technically the same thing.
In a certain sense, our bodies are chefs preparing a meal for our toilets to eat daily
Corrupt cops are just undercover criminals.
There is always one set of clothes missing from your closet/ wardrobe
A penny saved is actually more valuable than a penny earned because you dont pay taxes on it.
If you die and get reincarnated, what are the chances that you even go back to earth.
Anchovies are the bacon of the sea.
Since your internal voice doesn’t have to breath, you can scream internally forever
When reading a book, a chapter is a checkpoint save while a bookmark is a quick save.
Aquaman is just water-Thor
The first few generations of machines were polluters, natures enemy. The new-gen machines focused on cleanup and green energy are potentially natures savior.
As a kid, carnival rides are scary because they’re fast. As an adult, carnival rides are scary because you’re worried about their maintenance.
Theres no evidence suggesting dinosaurs roared, they couldve spoke in perfect German for all we know.
Buy your pet its own pet named Pet. Then you can pet your pets pet Pet.
Im lucky to be broke at a time when minimalism and sustainability are in style.
Shared dreaming sounds super cool in theory, but in actuality it would probably be disturbing and embarrassing.
We all hate ads on the internet when actually they allow us to use pretty much a everything for free.
Maybe dogs bring home sticks because that was bred into them over millennia of humans needing wood for fires
If dreams fool the majority of the population when we are sleeping, then it really shows how gullible we really are if our own brain can trick us that easily.
There won’t be any negative comments on online shop that sells parachute
The olympics is the only time when you hear Great execution by North Korea and it seems okay.
A tie is just a big arrow pointing at your genitals.
Scientists have two jobs: figuring out how the world works, and figuring out how to explain it to morons.
A drink brand is successful when it’s seen on the side of the road.
Years from now 90s kids will be the only ones that remember what it was like to be alive during 9/11
Notice how the friends that never text you back are the ones always on their phones when you see them
If pigs could fly I bet their wings would taste delicious
For almost every game ever created, someone had to code the butts and crotches of the characters into the game
Studying physics is essentially being taught a simple structure, and then told ”actually, scratch that, the truth is actually far more complicated” over and over again until we reach the point where we still don’t know the truth, only that we do not have it.
Your skull doesn’t have a facial expression. Your flesh just moves around it.
Whining about having a jet lag is quite literally like complaining that the world does not revolve around us.
If tomato is a fruit..
If were all the main characters of our own lives, then life itself is one big crossover episode
Clark Kent would be outed as Superman pretty fast if he ever accidentally pushed a pull door.
If aliens are monitoring our media and 98% of the internet is porn...Theyre not giving us anal probes; theyre just trying to speak the language.
At -40 we are all on the same page, its cold as fuck and even fahrenheit and Celsius cant be bothered arguing for a moment.
If you were with a crazy ex, and someone says you dodged a bullet after breaking up, you never actulled dodged a bullet. You simply took that bullet for however long you were together, taking tremendous amounts of suppressive fire along the way before finally deciding your done taking the bullet.
If you raise your children, you spoil your grandkids. If you spoil your children, you raise your grandkids.
The Hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed.
Keeping Harry in that closet was definitely child abuse and nobody talks about it much
If you play the PornHub community jingle in public, everyone will know you’re watching porn but no one will say anything because it will reveal that they know what the jingle’s from
We torrent movies to save money, but end up paying more for snacks and drinks
School isnt actually meant to teach you real life skills, its actually meant to get you used to waking up early and going to a boring and miserable job every day.
When someone says I miss you!, I think, well, thats nice. But if they take off the exclamation point I think, wow, they must really miss me.
The Olympics should have a For Fun section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
As a child, going to McDonald’s was a victory, but as an adult, it’s a defeat.
Star Wars took place way in the past, really far away, but we are seeing it now because of how long it took for the light to reach us.
If humans ever go to war with AI, well have to send coded messages to each other in the form of CAPTCHAS
At some point in the future, David Bowies Five Years will be accurate and the planet will only have 5 years left.
To turn your back on someone is considered bad but having someones back is considered good.
There would be a lot of debate if 1 conjoined twin committed a crime
spider-man is treated like a real spider, he catches thieves just like flies but is still considered a pest.
You won’t ever see the same clouds ever again...
People who pee on the toilet seat walk among us every day and we don’t even know who they are.
How ironic snooze  rhymes with  lose  .
If God really wanted to troll us, He could have made the moon transparent so it acted like a lens, and put Earth at its focal point. Then whenever an eclipse happened, it would scorch a path across the planet.
Sleep should be rolled over. Like Oh, you got 20 hours of sleep today? Cool man, you dont need sleep for the next three days.
Since there are 3600 seconds in an hour, and most people make less than $36.00/hr, their time is worth less than a penny per second. Its literally worth your time to pick up a penny from the ground.
If youre very empathetic, you can be a sadist and a masochist at the same time
Services are switching from calling them Private Messages to calling them Direct Messages because theyre not private anymore...
Infection tag is basically Tag: Battle Royale.
Kickstarter was once, itself, a kickstart
Your car keys have travelled further then your car
Since teachers pay taxes, and taxes fund our public schools, teachers technically pay for their students to learn from them.
Counter Strike is just like Edge Of Tomorrow, you relive the same scenario again and again until you become perfect.
Kids of big YouTubers are going to grow up and find the cringiest content their parent(s) made (cough cough, Ninja)
We live in a society
The way countries hastily try to fix/hide their social issues before the olympics is essentially an entire countrys version of the panicked cleaning up you do around the house when people are about to come over
Everyone wants to be remembered, but very few do things worth remembering.
There are probably a bunch of parents who think their children are fussy eaters, when in reality theyre just horrible cooks.
We have no problem wearing the same socks all day, but once they come off for one second, it’s gross to put them back on.
As a kid, you are bullied by people who dont like you, and your friends are nice. Once youre older, youre bullied by your friends, and people who dont like you are nice
For a short moment, each of us was the youngest person on the planet
A liquid gel pills are just Tidepods for our symptoms.
Society would be screwed if dry cleaners decided to start charging rent
Someone will be that guy that dies an hour before we invent a form of immortality.
Paid dating sites intentionally dont give perfect matches so you keep using their service.
The number of people older than you is constantly shrinking with nothing increasing it.
Smart watches would have been more successful if it debuted before the smart phones.
Calendars are just maps of time.
Crispy is just crunchy but thin.
It’s crazy how one specific event can change an entireparadigm of thought built on a lifetime of experience, or misexperiences.
Stevie Wonder would be a great judge on The Voice
The sun makes our hair lighter but our skin darker
If Steve Jobs was reincarnated into a Chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now.
Coffee is really an energy drink
Baby wipes stay moist only if they’re kept in the packet.
The loss of your dog is exactly the kind of thing your dog wouldve helped you through.
Whoever opened an oyster and thought “that looks delicious” must have been absolutely starving
People would be a lot more willing to rate apps if they didnt have to switch apps to do so.
In Halo, grunts never grunt.
Because telescopes work using mirrors, well never know if there are any space vampires.
Fishing would be so much less popular if they could scream like humans
Bear Grylls cameraman must be the worlds most bad ass cameraman ever.
This is not the year for mistletoe in the workplace.
Everyone praises dogs as mankind’s best friend. But the horse which was the backbone for almost all labor and transportation gets little praise from today’s society.
People that see you every day wont notice a difference, but people that barely see you will.
When you choke on water, you’ve failed at breathing and drinking, the two most important activities in your life.
Tapes had A and B sides so it only made sense to transition to CDs
The saddest pet you can possiby own is a Tortoise... Their Lifespan is around 120 years, meaning it is likely you will die way before the tortoise does, and the tortoises will slowly start wondering where you went, living its enigmatic life with the doubt
The first person who inhaled helium must have been so relieved when the effects wore off
Foreheads are literally the most frowned upon thing that ever existed.
if you donate blood your blood could end up in someone elses boner
Cats probably wonder why fizzy drinks scream “FUCK OFF” when they’re opened
Shrek and Han Solo kinda dress the same
Checking to see if there’s any new food in the fridge is the same as checking your phone for notifications when you know nothing has come through
Earlier people used to write personal stuff in their diaries and get mad when people read them. Now people write personal stuff on social media and get mad when people DONT read them.
Both sexes can fuck a Pringles can, but neither can do it well.
You can play Nintendo Switch with your hands in your pockets
Water is a beverage whose flavor is its temperature.
Maybe Christopher Nolan made a drunken bet with someone in film school that he could make a film that ends with the it was all a dream cliche and is nonetheless enjoyable.
Nothing screams first world problem more than trying to decide which piece of your food you want to eat last cause the last flavor in your mouth matters.
Google just gave me 21,900,000 search results in 0.62 seconds, and I got annoyed because what I wanted wasn’t on the first page.
Sleep is maybe a time-portal for our minds and thats why we cant register all the time that we used up for dreaming/sleeping.
Exercising your personal right to not get vaccinated is like exercising your personal right to drink and drive. In both cases, youre not only going to end up killing yourself, youre going to kill other people too.
UPS will leave a $900 video card on my porch without even knocking but I have to sign for a $10 pizza
The sentence Dont objectify women has women as the object of the sentence.
You never realize how often you fart until you hang around with someone you are attracted to.
You can live the rest of your live without breathing.
the point of a lock is to turn a door into a wall
A 3 day break, you feel well rested. A 5+ day break, you forget how to be a productive member of society.
You can drink a drink but you don’t eat an eat.
There is probably a tree out there somewhere now that is growing the wood for your coffin
Which caveman thought it was a good idea to put his penis inside a woman when theyve never heard of sex before
Humans have approximately 6,500 languages, yet when we perceive alien species they all speak the same language
Im so conditioned to not use Fire Exits, Im not sure Id think to use one during an actual fire.
The average distance between Earth and Mars is about 12 light minutes.So, when Opportunity sent his last message, he spent 12 minutes of total loneliness in which nobody knew he was going to die, if not him.
All potatoes become mashed potatoes when you start to eat them.
If youre the least attractive person in an orgy, youre at the right orgy
When you introduce two different groups of friends to each other, its like your own lifes crossover episode.
Most ice cubes aren’t cubes
If you like to drink, you know when the liquor store closes. If you are an alcoholic, you know when it opens.
David de Gea went from being a hated goalkeeper to a beloved one overnight.
Robots are just a more sophisticated way of making golems without mana.
Being scared to end a relationship is like receiving the are you sure you want to quit, any unsaved progress will be lost pop up for the game of life
Starbucks and the Netherlands are two of the only places you can pay for a tall blonde and not be breaking the law
Breathalyzer tests use the DUI Decimal System.
People who say money cant buy friendship arent considering you can buy a dog.
If your username is John68 I assume youre 49 years old, if its John69 I assume youre 12 years old.
Pineapple on pizza is like the country music of pizza. People either like it or they will literally threaten to murder everyone that even speaks of it.
Upbeat songs with sad lyrical themes are the music equivalent of people that hide their depression
Unlike on Earth, because were always moving in our solar system, and our galaxy is spinning, we never really know our coordinates in the universe.
Technically almost every mirror you buy at a store is in used condition.
Accidentally liking someones post while snooping through their profile is the digital equivalent of stepping on a twig while sneaking through the forest.
Fake drawers are just as shitty as fake pant pockets.
Parents are the opposite of fake friends. They have your back when you arent there and talk shit about you to your face.
Sharts are the same as when a burp turns into a mini puke
The vast majority of people you see, you will never see again.
Hallucinations are just VR of the mind.
The Grinch was taught as a child to wear clothes. At some point, up on Mount crumpit, he just said, screw it, its nakey time from here on out.
Toilets really do feel like save points, especially on drunken nights
I find strangers attractive because they havent pissed me off yet
You can’t delete anything from the internet. Once it’s there it’s there. Unless it’s that one porno that’s been removed on every link you use
If you were born on June 9th, 2000, you’ll be 69 on 6/9/69.
The adult version of “don’t step in the lava” is getting changed in a public restroom.
If you have a bachelors degree in science or engineering, you have as much formal science education as Bill Nye. You are officially a Science Guy.
If you have a job and still has debts, then a homeless person has a higher net worth than you.
The only negative thing about nicer weather is losing all that pocket storage from your jacket.
People ask what you do for a living so they can calculate the level of respect they will give you.
Birds must see a wall the way we see a pole.
Theres just something about a competitive opponent which makes you more competitive, only for that competitiveness to make you lose.
Asking someone where are you is a recent thing. Before we had phones, we could only talk to people if we knew where they were.
The truth is, truth does not exist.
Iron man is technically a Fe-male
Earth is an Alien’s testicle and all 8 billion of us are just sperms.
When someone says say when while serving food and you reply when that used to be a joke but is now commonplace.
Getting a vaccine is pretty badass because you beat the life out of a virus and then you absorb it so you can kill its friends easier
There could be a misspelled word in the dictionary, but we could never know
Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us.
Peer pressure as an adult is seeing your neighbor mow their lawn.
The Iron Man Suit Is Literal Plot Armor
We Could Have Conceptualized the World With Five or six Directions Instead of the Four we Have
All of Harry Potter’s closest friends know how big his member is because they used polyjuice potion to become him.
If you drew a dick on a vampires face while they were sleeping theyd never find out about it.
Babies are cute so you forget how troublesome they are
For the vast majority of the animal kingdom, climaxing quickly during sex is an advantage, but for our species it is socially considered superior to take the longest
Life could be worse. Milk could have pulp.
In the age of Google, knowing the right questions to ask really is more important than knowing the answers.
It’s so hard to read the caption written on a girl’s t-shirt and not come off as creepy.
Its 2019, and not one cereal company has created zip-locked bags for the cereal
Maybe little kids have it right when they worship the garbage man, the postman, the guy who drives the semi and cranes, instead of admiring the cesspool of Hollywood that we adults seem to.
“a toyota’s a toyota” is a palindrome
smelling your own fart puts that fart back inside of you
A college class is like Dora the Explorer. The professor asks a question, stares blankly for a few seconds, then answers his own question.
Icy winters make walking a puzzle game.
The person who coined the phrase Pain in the ass had some serious constipation problems.
If you work for the state or a state company, you still pay taxes, some of which go to your workplace. You are indirectly paying for the most distinguished privilege of working there.
birds are fruit because they grow on trees
A car jack boosts a car up while carjackers boost a car away.
Life is symmetrical. You start life being looked after constantly by adults to then grow to an age where you have lots of free time, then grow up into an adult to work, to then retire and have lots of free time then go to a retirement home where your looked after by adults.
Who Wants to be a Millionaire is the only game show where you can win $32,000 and still feel like shit
Violent is mostly fine, but nudity in movies is a no-no for parents in the states
The myth about undercover cops being required to disclose that theyre undercover cops was definitely started by an undercover cop
In one generation we went from, watch your mouth around grandma, shes from a different time, to, Dont mind all the stuff grandma says, shes from a different time.
In times of great inflation, monopoly money is literally worth more than real money.
Social anxiety is basically Conspiracy Theories about yourself.
I would pay a lot of money to see every I was born in the wrong time period person put into a reality TV show where they have to authentically live in that time period.
Im a phenomenal secret-keeper because, deep down, I really dont care about your shit enough to actually talk about it.
It’s weird how an attractive face is the criteria by which we decide whether or not to lick the area a person pees from
Maybe we have more sympathy for machines because we are just robots with organic parts
In my life Ive bought at least 20 pairs of nail clippers because I lost the last pair, but I never take them out of my house meaning theres at least 19 places I havent seen in my own house
Timmy Turners reply uh... internet? when his parents ask him where he got wish-based things has become more believable over time.
Putting files on your desktop is the digital equivalent of throwing clothes on your chair
It’s not that heart disease and diabetes runs in the family. It’s that no one runs in the family.
If somebody truly claimed to be immortal nobody else on earth would ever live long enough to determine if it was true.
Basically you are a brain, controlling a Meat suit
It would really suck getting kidnapped with a cold. If they taped your mouth shut, you really wouldnt be able to breathe.
As a child I pretended to like carrots for my parents. As an adult I pretend to like them for my child. I fucking hate carrots.
You ever think about what people will be like in 1000 years? How its almost impossible to think about? In 1018 somebody thought the same thing. You are the uncomprehendable future they thought about.
There is nothing better than realizing, right after you wake up, that you wont have to face repercussions for the terrible choices you made in your dream.
When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, theyre just admitting they were overcharging me.
There are about 15.7 million subscribed to this sub. Divided by 365 is 43,013. To about 43k people, happy birthday
Posting newborn’s weight and length makes childbirth rather too similar to fishing
If you go to Walmart and you dont see any weird people, does that make YOU the weird person?
The length of time since the Berlin Wall fell is longer than it stood for.
There should be a millenial edition of Monopoly where you just walk round the board paying rent, never able to buy anything.
A successful marriage ends with watching the other person die.
A dog barking at you while you pass is just a different kind of wolf whistle
The Simpson’s got so many events correct but none of us will be alive to see what Futurama will get right.
If alcohol was the one that was banned instead of weed then a lot of people would have had memories of hungry stoned fathers instead of angry drunk ones.
If you were given 3 wishes and you wished to lose 3 wishes you would end up with -1 wishes and who knows what would happen to that genie
At some point in your childhood, you and your friends went outside to play together for the last time and nobody knew it
Weve stepped on the moon. Weve landed robots on Mars. But we still havent mastered that awkward delay between studio anchor and field reporter.
Whenever an artist like Taylor Swift releases a song about a breakup, the ex-boyfriend must be out there in the world somewhere thinking wtf.. what an overreaction...
Cinemas should play a clip with someone saying OK Google, Silencio! Hey Siri, adjust volume to zero percent! before the movie starts.
The way your thighs look when you sit is a motivator not to.
Its funny to laugh at something ironic said un-ironically.
tiny homes are just rebranded millennial trailer homes.
News websites have more pop ups and click bait than porn sites.
People who step up 2 stairs at a time are both active and lazy.
A rolling stone gathers no moss but a moving ceiling fan gathers dust like a motherfucker.
When you’re a kid, you and your friends hang out in your bedroom. When you’re an adult, you and your friends hangout everywhere in the house BUT your bedroom.
The spiders that live in Buckingham Palace now are probably the descendants of the spiders that lived there during Victorian times - its a whole parallel royal family but with spiders
Old MacDonald doesn’t have a farm anymore.
Instead of a Mummy’s Curse, in a couple hundred years when archaeologists are sitting through data on old computers, someone’s accidentally going to unleash an ancient computer virus into their network
We are getting a new Steve Jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that Apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years anyway.
Whenever Disney re-imagines an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they’re essentially making an animated film.
Perfume commercials are so weird because they are advertising a smell without using smells
The phrase: Dont move a muscle is technically impossible unless youre dead, because your heart is a muscle.
A whаles blowhole is a modіfied nostrіl, so a whаle breаching the wаter and sprаying is essentiаlly a whаle doіng a snot-rocket. People then use pіctures of these snot-rockets to decorаte their homes, offices, and creаte motivаtional posters.
Wireless chargers make your phone movement more limited than the wired one.
When spelling mistakes cause someone a lot of irritation it is because they are typo-allergenic.
When people say “scientists are sometimes wrong” they omit the fact that the people who disprove scientists are mostly other scientists.
Reading history is like reading the prequel of your own life
Negative thoughts are like fat, it takes a long time to get rid of it and only a short time to gain it back.
Its very likely that some artists perform songs they dont like because their taste has changed over time.
We use tables to keep food off the floor, table cloths to keep food off the table, place mats to keep food off the table cloth and plates to keep food off the place mats.
The biggest problem with the internet is that it gives you a front-row seat to witness how insane the world is.
If youre 25 and single in 2018, nobody bats an eye. If youre 25 and single in 1818, people worry youll die an old maid. If youre 25 and single in 1418, its because your third husband just died of the plague.
The voice in your head is you asleep somewhere speaking out loud
If Samsung doesn’t come out with marketing soon with something to the effect of “we don’t slow down older phones like apple,” they’re probably guilty too
I didnt even know I could drop out of school until the Be cool, stay in school guy gave a speech at my school.
If you start counting from zero to either positive or negative numbers your lips wont touch till you reach 1 million
People are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with Brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there
Both concrete and glass are mostly made of sand which makes skyscrapers just really tall sandcastles
Your future self is talking shit about you
Hersey’s kisses are really just big chocolate chips.
Adulthood is understanding why Shrek just wanted to be left alone.
People who voluntarily wipe a public toilet seat of a mess other than their own don’t receive enough recognition.
Millions of organisms die and are born on your body every day.
In a universe where Spider-Man exists, NYC architects need to give a lot of extra thought to the load-bearing strength of exterior windows on skyscrapers.
If you run at 11pm you are a night person. If you run at 5am you are a morning person. If you run at 3am you are a suspicious person.
If your identical twin got plastic surgery, it would be hard not to feel a little insulted
Poutine flavored potato chips are just potato flavored potatoes
Its a missed opportunity that the word palindrome isnt a palindrome.
Autocorrect should be named Autoassume. It doesnt know if the changes are correct.
Many people hold world records without even knowing.
If race horses could comprehend that victory meant a lifetime of leisure and sex they’d probably run even faster
Maybe nothing can go faster than the speed of light because thats the tick-rate of the server our simulation is running in
You think youre unique until you have to choose a username
Dogs became domesticated members of human societies (15,000 years ago) before humans even learned to farm and heard animals (10,000 years ago); they truly are mans best non human friend.
No matter what you think of his music, the fact that Eminem has never used the ‘N’ word, speaks volumes about him. Especially when he’s probably the only white person who could get away with using it.
When we discover that adults are not perfect, thats the end of our childhood. When we forgive them for it, thats the end of our adolescence.
If you receive $1 for every second starting now, you’d be a billionaire by 2050.
25 years ago seeing a toddler use technology was seen as a stroke of genius, today it is largely met with thoughts of a lack of parenting.
Somebody who thinks that feathers on dinosaurs would suddenly make them not-scary has never been chased by a goose.
As a child, whenever I saw a limousine I always expected there was someone rich or famous inside. Now when I see a limousine, I expect its a bunch of trashy high school kids.
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume
The every kid gets a trophy thing was NOT an attempt to bolster self esteem - it was an attempt to sell more trophies to more people
We probably don’t need to specify ‘duck-billed’ when mentioning the platypus, but everyone always does
All the food you’ve seen in a movie has rotted away by the time you actually see it
Having a broken parachute and pulling the secondary is the ultimate double or nothing
Maybe Flat-Earthers are just running an elaborate con to get some rich people take them to space for free to prove them wrong
Laser tag is just paintball that doesn’t hurt.
Life is not opposite of death but birth is because life is eternal.
When playing a video game, easy mode is just hard mode for the bad guys
Teachers never left school, they’ve been in school for their lives even after college until they retire.
I mostly use my drivers license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
Prince Charles is nearly 5 years older than the UK men’s retirement age, and he’s not even started the job he was born to do.
Being 35 and not wanting to work in the field for which youve prepared is like being half way through an RPG and realizing youve built out your skill tree all wrong and you cant respec and you cant make a new character and there will never be another video game again
Wearing ‘running’ clothes is only important so people know it’s your hobby. If you go running in normal clothes everyone wonders what you’re running from.
It counts as a sign of success if theres a porn parody of something youve made or helped make.
Your remaining phone battery after a day of work is directly correlated with how productive you were that day
Porn Stars are just crowd-funded prostitutes.
Cinderellas dress must have been very revealing if the prince looked at her all evening without being able to remember her face.
Getting a targeted FB ad for Reeses Cups as someone with a peanut allergy restores hope that big brands dont know everything about you
If you froze an egg and threw it through somebodys window while theyre not in, they would come home to a broken window and a raw unscathed egg and wonder how the hell it happened...
The craziest prediction that the tv show The Jetsons made about life that far in the future was that a man could still support a middle class family of 4 by working in a factory.
Too many people are desperate to catch other people making a mistake or doing something wrong and its probably killing people off
We live in an age where if Amazon actually offered a free $50 gift card or Apple wanted to give a free iPhone 10 away, nobody would believe them.
When I was 14, I thought I was so cool because I hung out with 20 year olds. Now that Ive grown up Ive realized that they were weirdos for hanging out with me.
The tallest person in the world has physically experienced being the exact height of every other person in the world at some point
In the anime, Ash Ketchum was supposed to be a huge Pokémon fan before he left on his journey. But every time he sees any kind of Pokémon, he has to pull out his Pokédex because he doesn’t know what it is. Ash Ketchum was a poser before he left on his journey.
